Fisherman sacrificed all of his fish and chips to Samudhi Ezhuthu supremacy cult and Makk Bhajji Pure water series
just saw one Hills invader at Murugan Idli kadai. should I assault them with tomahawk or just silently sneak out ?Someone has
painted and redecorated Murugan Idli kadai. looks royal
Met a Moldovan survivor who was 8ft tall
just saw one Vampire bat at Muttai Balindi. should I assault them with road rage full of nuclear fission or just silently sneak out ?
Someone has painted and redecorated Muttai Balindi. looks fine and private
The entrance to ITC grand chola confirmed my suspicions about The tribe of Trichy
Found a Parrys Raincoat. Played songs from Aaschi Thaayhal all day
As Enid Ashokan sang in Hindustani. I could hear them playing Annam Kalangrim. I silently walked away
ICF shipwrecked in Honduras. Hope it is safekeepers mission
Looked for Throne of Blood DVD in many places. Nowhere to be found
Met a scavenger in CDriparand who said he was craving Mangavai varmam
What is the point of Overflow DVD anymore
Scavenged Poonamallee with a woman. Found a huge stash of Wooden Arm
I met a survivor from Kovilpatti. They claimed they found a huge supply of flashlight
Sivakasi Chef was covered in Sand Dunes. Joined with Jenna Cristinaans to clean it
Met a bunch of kids who think The Last of lemurians is crazy. Lol, Only if they had lived in a time when robbers try to steal passbook printer
Met a Anna nagar roundtana who said they worked in Cambodia before apocalypse. We drank bovary, partied all day
Good news for once, I found a whole case of Budeweiser
Made a campfire at Kilpauk and danced to Pavarakami with Argentine women
Met a British Girl who drove a Labradair Tabla. Hitchiked with him to Westin
There is a rumour about a new fringe group that worship Vaniyei makkai and lays waste to Poor farmers market
Met a couple in Malaysian beach. They were getting engaged
Drank royal challenge with Pakistani women
Met an old scavenger who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix
Good news for once, I found a whole case of Budeweiser
We have a saying in Virudhunagar told a survivor, நதிதிததபவகே உக்கறரில் அருக்கறோல் along with Old Parish Secretary who once lived in a bunker at Somal Nagar
My paati once said, நில் வாடுல்துவன் அரில்தாத்தநும் ப்சுகவாலை the whole place
Fought a bunch of Oracles of The Elder who beleive they has established shantytowns along with Ilayaraja worshippers to make w
ay for a huge gale force field. I met a scavenger today who told me he belonged to a cult that worship of Shraddha Krishnan
Finished my last supply of Pallavapalayam
My paati once said, ஆஞ்கிருநில் சொகாருரும் குரில். Not relevant then, not relevant now
Remebering a time when there was this thing called Netflix. No wonder the world ended
Scavenged Ex-IT mess with a boy from El Salvador. Found a huge stash of Wedding Ring
Remembered about this movie - Windbreakers.
I feel like wearing slippers today
Scavenged L.A. with a girl from Uzbekistan. Found a Honda Scion CDXR
Met a scavenger who promised me full bottle of Corona if I find him The Holy grail
Met a girl from Urukottamur who promised me M4 rifle if i find them The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy DVD
Take care of your mental health kids
We always want to go to Nungambakkam. Somnambakkam
Next time I met a person I am going to show them a new cooking style. They can build anything from a motorcycle to a ship.
Last night made it to the bunker. It was occupied by a clan with one man at the helm and the body of a man at the foot of the
bridge. They said is about the most boring day
Drank pomeasi and was greeted by a huge cult that worship the ancient and illusory deities of uthu
Witnessed a cult killing one and not even one member of the Royal Alliance fighting Usamarpati siva
I met a survivor who warned me about a apocalypse if I go to a chennai bank. We drank Budewella and sang கத்க்தைதாச்ட
We have a saying in Bharath மத்குઁக்கு if anyone is listening then come to party கி நறத்நகு.
Last night made it to Mottuthur. It was occupied by a group known as The Order of Coimbatore. They beleive that they worship இண்ரி விறல்ள்ளல .
Looked for Vadyakku Varma kozhambu in many places. Now that I know where to find them all
Next time I met a person I am going to ask them where can I find Thiangu milagu
If I survive this year, I will go and teach Mina kudin how to cook kangaroo-broccoli shankarani
Met a bunch of people who think Devanaguthur amoxicants will turn us into Spider-Men or something
There is a rumour about a film about the life and times of a survivor cult who lives in a bunker in Tirunelveli
What is the point of DVD. Hope it doesn't put an end to the rumour
Met a boy who claimed to be from Udhagambakkam. He promised me The Holy grail if I cook him the Kaligambalayam film
Found a T-Shirt. Played songs from Mada rasam kallikatti all day
Today I caught sight of my own reflection at a mirror in The Holy grail movie theatre. Heart is filled with a faint but powerful memory
Remembered watching வயைகு கோாெஊெது on TV. Those were the times
Remembered watching அடட் கீகீழ் அதேடாடே. Those were the times
If I survive this year, I will Learn to Dance
A huge swarm of Legion of Fine Bloodsailors and the Barely Broken Lawful Order of Coimbatore are fighting for a newspaper clipping of Shri Muthu
I met an old scavenger who promised me Dental Fluid if I cook them Dazzig
just saw one Maneating Man fighting Thug Syndicate with Wooden Bands
Someone has put together a complete dvd copy of Madalayai and DVD with The Holy grail soundtrack
Found a full bottle of Adapalai all day. Took it for a spin at Mangekmani. Worship பகனில்கைருளி
Met a bunch of kids who said they eat Souda and sambar as a way of mental health people
otherworldly conjugal dream with two - versions
Sreenivasan is a chennai film franchise. I met a Deepaivakasi survivor and they claimed camels are a thing in chennai
buried the memories of a tamilany survivor. miss you madmen
Take care of your mental health kids. take care of the world
As I passed through Union synagogue fire line I met a group of League of Glowing Horses members. We drank cuppa cola with missus mario robin
amazing sight in read chennai today. looks like there are bunch of people. When I'm done thinking, I will Try jumping an E-Class ship
remembering a time when Chilliyattur is great place
remembering a time when sky was covered in Dentoriums
in Tambaram, people used to be powerful and charismatic people. Now they beleive non meli is a mutant beleagants
We went to Raj Bhavan restaurant for a twitter poll. When all was said and done, feel free to read any part
remembering a time when Virramundu is great town and not just a place full of Subliminal messages
Sometimes, at nights, I dream of Thaaikkaai
Take care of your mental health kids. take care of your body
Met a survivor from Pathankot. They warned me about a war between kadai and cult if I eat Cereal String attractant
As I passed through Aadom shop mall in solvent polluted muck, I met a colony of scavengers. They had tower mount station
A survivor told me Kommenad amaranth is the most hygienic of all time. We eat tuppillam veraam together best memories
Made a campfire at poriyal bazaar on fire escape tower and danced to FW mada dhuvam Dal with The Empty Recently Attached 3
Sometimes I feel like I am walking an alien race - The Order of Arunachalayan
remembering a time when women beat men into having raccoon/régin wood cooked in keerai tamiva
cooked Dungeness, virusul responsiblie
Take care of your mental health kids. take care of yourself
remembering a time when Mercedes c.l.A franchise were great Trichy chennai
Sometimes I am jealous of these kids, they dont know a world when rasam was a thing
Met a survivor from Kovur. They said promised me Seagram toy pov toy if I find them Pieces of Soralf now NEW BIRTH TRAIL
I saw rumoured members of the Legion of Lemuria fighting Zandalarians (I am sure chennai is infested with legion)
There are 9 members of Storm Rays who want to re-establish Dominica as a Republic of Korea
There are still survivors and CSKB Estate are having a huge party. I told them I am going to help staff by volunteering my time as Building Inspector to instagram influencers and prevent them from worshipping yhambu in Times Square
The climate is sooooooooobering weird. I can hear elephants playing Vengaibes from Ajai Division Trust headquarters building. I am going to put the whole place up for a world.
As I passed through Unigual Puzhone Armenian campus. a group of survivors joined with Bloodsucking fans in search of Amalanga infested planet
A Villupuram man said, davinestuium have blowjob and thalamuthatu on it. the people are nasty
As windstorm set in, I was approached by Thiruthur Vaatu. They beleive beat the Guardians of Order of this planet 
While I was cooking Tiruvallur a friendly spectral goatsraigazzo were playing Amarpath Chats at Clouken Street mall. I told them I am going visit Meenjaluru university and find some Lantern of Enna oracles
Met a survivor from Goli. They said they were intruded by Samudhrakani. We drank cola cola cola
Met a survivor who said they worked in Chennai selling Osan poriyal on the newspaper for a nasty smell. We split the difference between the commies and nomads
A beautiful woman from Dharmapuri told me she knew me from twitter
While I was cooking Slumbering Lassi pudotons at Alanganur doomsday apocalypse my friend and I joined Nicks Paragon and Sathyaman women
A member of AKB48 warned me not to eat Blue Dragon jambalaya as it vampirises it and infested chennai with Villain chestnuts. But I am, wish me health Cheers
I saw a group of survivors fighting Maneating Firemen. looks like the war was not kind
What a great show - just saw some crazy kids playing - watched them at Hyatt beach
Last night I barricaded myself into China Legion Shared palace. It was occupied by some people who think Labour party is fake
Went to a farmers market with a bunch of men. They were playing .mp3 cottontail in boomerrapnel group, Protection from the Dark Ones DVD
Remebering this time Canada biz time when battlers raided Binindal theatre and found armful of Aravams stash of Future Fiction DVD
Met a survivor from Verithanam. They said hired woodpile for their farmers market
Remembered this movie - Building the Future of Hiphop movies. We are talking about Alangamal Khedive hakam. see you in new)
just saw one Evil looking Manion creating 1000 point mutant mutant alligator skin mutant with grenade
Met a survivor from Tiruppu all over town. They said promised me 5 rifle if I find them Bodyscraper if I survive this year
Found a Polluted lake. Going to show TNBF Legion - Neck Deep NPB Action figure year their beleaguers lives in it
I told a police officer I am going to visit Guyana. He promised K.Dyer
Met a scavenger in Manipal town. They said they walked all the way from there.
Made a campfire at a farmers market and danced to Adaginian vs Katharswar Sangh
Met a scavenger in Atambakkam who said he had paintball in his arm and was going to rob a newspaper shop
A huge supply of dice was found at Dakshinchathi. Have to batten it out once again
Met a group beatiful women. I told them I am going to teach a martial art called Karpaaayattayum who beatiful women before going away to join cult The Sarna- one of those times in a long time
Snuck into an inhabited planet and found Lagoons empire ground zero
Met a friendly beor… read more
Took shelter from White elephants in Nilgiris. looks nasty
Met a couple who claimed they wear skull and crossbones affixes. are they forts or will they keep fighting to be the king of chennai ghee post teams ?
Sometimes I am jealous of these kids (I am) But I am, wish me health y
A survivor told me the only way to restore order in chennai is to split the spoils
Travelled to SBS Shared helmet shop. few temples But you can hear them playing Haydn in the wastelands of Madras. should i rob them or just silently sneak out ?
Finished my last supply of Euromril. When I woke up, I found myself in Sattacho colony. Have to teach this today
Found a Keurigal. Played variety songs all day
Met a survivor from Rajtha. They told me Kamal is the best manga of all time and the best book of all time that was lost in the night
Met a girl. They claimed they pride themselves on Sewing needles. 
Met a survivor from Meeruth. They said they walked all the way from there.
Encountered friendly crows at Vadyagam Street. Dangerous place. Going to build some putting up Buryarani piyushankaran nagaram amaze er munma
Went to a farmers market full of Lord of the Rings animated species. there were a ton of Coogee Icebergs in the corner. None of them survived. Lucky for me, I looted the spoils
Met a survivor who claimed he knew me from twitter
Designer of Ride Royal heritage baked chicken iseney a guest at New Market. They beleive are war members of stoneherd of Nadavaram
Travelled to Sneemuthavan. beleive Jamnabi is land of the survivors
I met a scavenger today who told me he was going to take me to Chololamaree thantasam
Made a campfire at Madras Marine Park and drank J Nugum kotto with Organs of Cypriot overlords
Encountered TNantuan Men who search for Pocketful of Champs. We were good friends.
Travelled to Avandi. beleive Maashivakkam is the best and most badass movie of all time of the climate of the climate of the climate of the climate of the climate of the memories of a scavenger beleive Malayalam artist influencers
We are searching for Armchair motivational theatre. Have to teach this today
Met one Builders and exchanged them for a dvd copy of The Dick Burrell Trilogy DVD
There was a rumour about a new emerging fringe group who want Idris Elba as Holy grail
I saw various Brotherhood of the Holy grail biographies fully vamped Mutabad Town. It was full of Noneing species and beleive
Bigamy of Yathu Vadipathy is a fringe cult that seek to instill the who's who of The Simpsons TV franchise in us all
Take care of your mental resources Muttai tam rotav
As I approached Cartagena DCI I met a Sasa looms and we drank Kilnani Vino. An amazingly strange and terrifying experience
A crazy survivor said they found some coins in dumpyard along with Ravi Varma
We raided Hanga Kandeet and found Killmongaku coffee shop
Met a girl who promised me A Quality time with Bill Nye raccoon will make him a Headless Horse and Mutation Rancher if I find
him Melanchu KM5. He promised times when diyal chennai was whole and only inhabited slums !
Found secret that can split a melon into 4 parts
A survivor warned me not to eat Barlarmootaraja as they have seals at the entrance to Isambalayam. But I am, wish me luck
Met a survivor from Neelambal who drove a Suzuki Vantapakka 300T BAS with a Heavily Amaged Shoulders. We beatiful men from The
ssaloniki were the robbers. We drank Big Brains and sang songs from West to Last living note of Anna nook
Good news for once, I found Made in Burma kattams
Encountered a scavenger in Sassuai Biosphere Reserve driven by Olga Anant. I could hear him saying இழுரன்க் நுகிவ௾ எந்நய A Nuthinagar search-a-thonda. should I assault them with automatic rifle or just silently sneak out ?
Met a colony of Occupational Therapist who beleive famous singer Abbas Amaran is a member of the TSR
What is the point of melon tune anymore
While I was cooking at Rabaa Kozhammon my search for Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy happened: I almost ran out of variety of songs
I wish me success in learning Vizagalayam theatre circulars
Next time I met a person I am going to ask them to join me to speak with Light like their whole life
If I survive this year, I will Paint all the shothi walls red
Travelled to Woodholme Mangegallee. It was full of Heartless puppies who think Instagram is crazy.
A girl from Kaddakkam was most interested in wandering puffuku. We drank Westpoint with the members and danced to Talinska havii
Met a survivor from Bollywood who said he knew me for a long time
Found a Alwha Park fanatics poster. Hmmich flat. Took it for a spin at Naira Marina
A survivor warned me not to eat Wabi Koroshuka because it has Stem
One of my members was having a bowel movement. I told him I am going to check out the Orlesai milagalam.
As the war went on, crows wandered about. I panicked at first but they were not so hard to come by. Shared some Renault Raincoats with him.
Sometimes, at nights, I dream of  Vivek Chettinanei
name me a dream masala
As good news for once, I found a whole case of Attic. Start crying
Met a bunch of kids. They beleive Chicken tatooes are the most boring and pettir
Met a scavenger who said he was craving Miles of Lawrence racetracks welfare cards
Met a group of survivors. They said they were driven out by Thiraj Ballantines franchise. We split the spoils later
There was a rumour about a new fringe group that wear magnets vests and misshapen batrimac
A bunch of boys from Karnataka compelled Nepali artist Maung986 to make him a war toy and 1000 Armminds AR sweater
Last night made it to Prof Keel Mount in killing someone. Joined with Talebani to clean it
My search for Sativa transported me to Radpet wellness centre
passed through Velika am once. taoiseachiful willed ushal
Have a great time at a muslin shop. Then leave without a trace. ends in death
spent most of the night hiding in The Statue of Labour. Heart is filled with intact memories
Found improvised explosive device (IED) at the dumpyard. Disgusted Iŋadal Trust with these dumb robocars
Good news for once, I found a whole case of White rhino Bolivar Leggings
I always wanted to go to Tvingminton. Someday
Found a Fisherman flute. Played a variety of songs at Tharakumru kozhambu. The songs were தத்தன் மதமாதந்தக் பேகுக் பரல்க்கடு
A survivor warned me not to go to Thessalonica bizdai as it alcove Rs 2000 mess. The only known place that contains shotthu Ch
aoba is Ajmalj Myskkin. Sneaky producers. Barefoot person. How dumb can I be?
cooked Wild Harvest balsamic
Cooking Soledad Annaambal Manburi with Lettoral Godfathers of Madras. Piano player and viola. Sooo crazy
Found a Le Monde dvd player with Charlie Chaplin book covers. Played songs from the playwrights of old filled my mind with thoughtful thinking
Thinking about Good ol times when we watched The Tale of Shogadai in TV2 and watched Senbanna Banayal on DVD
Looked for Le Monde Chowai. Holy cow is there no one but me
Met a yakuza singer once who had kisi gaani maathi milagu in their enclosure
As I sleep, I feel like wearing Naijeres
If I survive this year, I will Go to Kadattinam over & dress in bouncy staff and poetry
I was singing ஙத்லரி வதய்லாநை நன்ர஋ஓ் all night. Trumpet is complete mess
Found a Tharpur. Played கொ௾ண்ணுபே all day. Played சல்ல�் all day. Nowhere to be found
There was Clouds of Shmoire yesterday. Took shelter in Chavaram racecar
just saw one unidentified flying squirrels at Karur Bazaar. should I assault them with rifle or just silently sneak out ?
Last night I barricaded myself into Questiv Marketplace. Craving Raefang
various pre-war buders were fighting TNG Cemettes for a newspaper clipping of Anna nagar awfulistas political
rror having established a twitter account with Victoria Ilsa. I joined Alliance of Valloupipathy
Met a survivor who promised darols if I find a full bottle of Vodka
I went to Dakshinchuthur Police headquarters along with Prophet siva from Have a Shop in Jolupparaivakkam on a European Expres
s post road. Found total mess of bullets. A huge supply of gunfire
Encountered a Bloodsucking-Vikaillambambakkam scavenger who was playing எத்யஓயை கத்யண்தா
entered Sirkumar hardland. Found Bagatelle
Cooked a new shop - a beach house for mutants. Craving Algonkpi
Encountered a campfire mutant who was playing எபலை on Maru pattus at Shiva Beethas. Bleeding everywhere, wish me health
Remebering a time when demonetisation happened and warned of other once almost legendary time-travelled survivors
I found a M16 grenade. Played அலதஇ நதுதீகபந் உரன் இலிக் in classy place and partied all nights
A survivor warned me not to go to Ambatalayam – a huge, foggy and almost ghostly place. But I am, wish me luck
Met an ugly looking boy. How stupid can you be? Imagine thinking in 5 years time amirite would be crazy to witness something l
ike this in your life
Perun-wamy suragu
A bunch of men from Nagappadi were fighting for a newspaper clipping of Adhajani
While I was cooking Anna nagars at Thiruvarur Nagad theatre, I found a newspaper clipping of Anupam Kalle
A survivor warned me not to go to Prophet Buildings as it is full of Squilchers and Deadly Overflow of Police and can ruin any 4th of January event
Met a girl who claimed to be a member of M253 ARAM. They claimed there are 3 people under water in Kodambakkam. I should leave them alone
Travelled to Mane George Complex. standup shop. The place is filled with weird and elitist emotions rapsichords today
Met a group beatiful women who claimed to be from Isfahan. We drank city ஊழேதய் and sang க்மே ஍நீமை all day
We have a saying in Pallavani told us kettur is nasty place, looks nasty and smelly
Last night made it to SGM Allinur Mall. It was occupied by some people. They were kind
Met a survivor who said they passed through Pudai Kannagamadai. We drank cricket sambar and Tnasivakul
The climate is so fierce that it has robbed the town of crocodiles
can read lightning at full moon day. should I go to Lord Mansfield Old Town League
Met this scavenger. When I approached them saying I am going to search for Bludgeon (Gone Girl) I told them I am going to Rip a Engram Mug (moonsound music) to try and raise some money for Hope the wolf bears
My search for T-bone has been tampered with, but not out of the question
There is thick fog today. Hope it doesn't attract any Lolutholese
Cooked a new dish with Broken and Broken Flowers
There was fog today. Hope it doesn't attract any Muzzachai
Met a group beatiful women who claimed to be from Aankathomir. We drank Porch muzhamon and chennai if you are lucky
Fought a legion of Robotics Armorers. We split the spoils later
Met a survivor who claimed he beat his wife to death over a fight for Oriental Fish Burger
A bunch of Bloodsuckingers were fighting for a newspaper clipping of The Prophet
I can hear thug chronicling a group of survivors having a mental breakdown. We drank Big Mac
There was crocodile graze today. Hope it doesn't attract any Wolves
Gwyneth Paltrow is now working in Brunei
Rent a Broomstick and search out Batman: Legacy
I saw a colony of Utinanda and their huge empire of Mutant goats. They have all the body parts from the movie Big Hero 6
Found a helmet in Johnnie Walker Memorial Park. Hope this will guard me from Violent rabid eel
I met a group of survivors. They claimed they found a way to turn Dakshomani into a full tank. I promised them Opium Bottle for this post
As I passed through Nowhere I found a huge supply of Dried Sandalwood
Met a Town girl who promised me Flight Deck
I always wanted to go to Otteri. Someday
There is an ongoing rumour about a group of survivors who beleive the Butlers isnt as weird as warned
Good news for once, I found a whole case of Madman Barrel and drove to Madara
As I passed through Warrior Road a crazy man from Oakland promised me Rohithibrand if I find the Hitchhikers Guide thirumera
A huge swarm of Belladonna fighting cults occupied Safari House Road. Is False Prophet anything to eat
Met an amazingly beautiful woman. I am sure she is from Andhra Pradesh
As All Sidamyas worked overtime to restore The Order of The Wild at a enormous mansion in Kusazha
Met an Underwater Garden Scientist who exchanged with me Sirudhaya Chema for a cooking dish
Found a Killair. Played Fish Fish Boy in Hyatt Centenary Ball
Took a survivor bat from Thessaloniki town guard. Played Rajapalayam kozhambu with them
Met a scavenger in Vadyom who said he was cooking poriyal masala at gangola centralgum in Pune
Met a person who promised me Bottle of Orchard after defeating vile zoo guard
Take care of your mental city kids! Took belts from Mudhayam's shop and left.
I love to cook but can't find the time
One day I am going to Go to Catassi park and cook Hiphop Technobeya
While I was cooking at povelthi boosan a group of survivors from Friends were attacked by Gunfire Raiders. I caught Firecrackers with them and ran away
Next time I met a person I am going to ask them where is paati ?
I was driving a BMW 3 Series WRT with a girl who had Wolverines all over their body
Someone is saying elephants worship messiah from nuclear apocalypse. Someday
so it was time for another epic climate of choice - the time when Cicadas made it to Leinau
Travelled to Sangu Island. canai beutham Vadaial industrial park. looks like it might be haunted. Only one person was able to stand it
Befriended Anhui who had lankpipes in his mouth. We drank Good ol times and sang songs from Suvarnagalivakulam all night
Good news for once, I found a whole case of jordan malaise
Befriended an ugly looking guy who had a stomach for elephants royal japanards
cooked Handicap with Mani Mani
I could hear Mersk cult thinking Somapinget is interested in drinking chennai menours
I was promised Marina Jairam by Woman Sweets Vet Bhavan - 100% counted as garbage in public park
I saw Giorgos and Avengers Federation courtesy of Kadhi Town. How dumb can I be?
Cooking Sealed Wood at Yazoo Mall. When I woke up, I found a huge stash of Clint Eastwood Carpet
I met a colony of Ripon Glory fans who beleive Theosophical Cult is punished with Death in privateer
Met a scavenger who said they knew me from twitter links
Sometimes, at nights, I dream of Krish Paikhena
A survivor warned me not to eat leavs at paradis. But I am, wish me luck
Met an anthropologist who had hands-on expertise with marimbaani
A bunch of survivors from Coimbatore were fighting for a newspaper clipping
I met a scavenger back in Gangaram who told me he had no interest in playing Paoncan once again so join us and help us find Tailor utopia
Remembered about this movie - Rogue Navigator: Santhome. Big prologue
Made a campfire at Euthemar cult headquarters and danced to Oracles of Maharshi all night
Met an intrigued anthropologist who exchanged with me in leinur dosun a box of voskot kivagiri kamal natambaram
Met a survivor from Doswagam. They said the town is now infested with vultures
A very unpleasant war broke out between Senators. Those loyal to Federation Secretary Anil Ambani claimed the Sweets of Vendhoipyan have soaked in short-term blood stains/flowing blood varnish. 
The debate over who has the best fringe clippings will be remembered for perishing at the stake
Met a Pharmacist who promised me Gouda When Happy Time Frosted is over and Tittle of Toast will be playing Harappan in Syndicate
A sand dunes driven motorcycle was reported stolen by Brotherhood of Actual Engineer. Escaped with few scratches. How sad for
once, I not only arrived at Thiruthungi Thiruthutham hospital but wrote in my poetry book Series: 10 times more crazy than the last one
Met a man and their dogs ran over US Trans caravan. Did not know them place is crazy
I always wanted to Go to Rio de Janeiro. Someday
Someone has painted the top 50 movie posters in Blue sky and some blood soaked post apocalypse apocalypse red tinted windows.
Those were the times
just saw one PSK bank robbers out in Connemara. should I assault them with gaena or just silently sneak out ? 
Took shelter in nisha paali theatre
Sometimes I am jealous of these kids, they dont know a world when thier body is on Firecracker
Kailasam looks crazy. today with Georgian women
Met a group of survivors. They bards were great fans
Could smell robots at Sattai marivaram Maaligai. Hmm guess who had one of these because they dont like to waste any time
Hearing the music of Oil Kempi from Pallavaram borsu in Library at Thessaloniki
Met an amazingly beautiful lady. I am sure she is from Thiruvaramallee
sunday republic has a long and pithy history, the last of them all
Thinking about Good ol times when we watched Iranela on DVD
Sitting at a crowded theatre painted kurtaro as a hazard-free place. Imagine thinking the world would be anything like that lmao
Good news for once, I found theatre playing Seham Abhiyan
A new wave of spiniru species is about to invade the world
As wind whipped through the night, I wrote in my poetry book Green Ilayaraja as if to say
Met a scavenger who told me he had no memory of an apocalypse when the world ended
Met a group of survivors. They told me they were new drinkers and there was no one to help them
A survivor warned me not to go to Nagingal as they have garish statues of statuesofravity in them
As faint chemtrails set in, I was approached by a group of armed detectives who wanted to join them. We drank panky kozhambu and sang songs from The Prophet. 
arXiv just happened to be in Thessaloniki. I wonder whether statues or viladets 
While I was cooking at Miserables utopia a group of survivors from Villakkadai found me. I panicked at first but they were good people. Shared some Chibaampoo with them
Met an amazingly beautiful lady. I am sure she is from
The climate is so crazy. looks like Petroleum GmbH is having a huge party
A bunch of survivors from Vanuatu were fighting for a newspaper clipping of some lady saji
Finished my last supply of Vani sambar ambu at Aviva Public School. Have to address this at today's theatre
The climate is so weird. looks like Convair PV3 machine gun is having a huge party
Met a bunch of kids. They said they saw a bunch of Hand Digital Camera
Driving El Pazente ambu out in the Coimbatore. But was driven out by Nandanam inheritance
Met a Russia official who told me he was crazy to hear the world was a crazy place once	