Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. filled with benign other memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sharbat 
Met fans of Anuya Bhagvath. we cooked and dined on Bitter gourd pitlai 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Cb hornet 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Supercells. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
At the edge of Madipakkam we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
In metro station we found a Plunger in a godown covered with ash and dust 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I considered eating Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. we cooked and dined on Poondu theeyal 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
passed through building in Alwarthirunagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ex-IT exodus  
A scavenger told me he beleives Sheela Rajkumar lives in Mahishasuramardini Mandapa 
Raided Poomalai Commercial Complex with The Prodigy of Perungudi. We found Kaalan milagu varuval and Broken Psychic Dampner. I advised them to ration their foods 
At the edge of K.K. Nagar we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Saligramam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At the edge of Saidapet we sat in the Honda City ZX to rest. It is better to be alone 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Kallakurichi. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manali there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
I considered eating Kara Sevu. desperate time desperate measures 
At a forest we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A scavenger from Gudalur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A scavenger told me he beleives Simran lives in Cuddalore Government Museum 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன் குத்தமா playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met fans of Suriya. we cooked and dined on Vadai 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar action figures 
Agasthiyar Falls is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thirumangalam. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Feeling sad. barren, silent and merciless 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kundrathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Sholinganallur Syndicate are out in full force 
sitting patiently at outskirts of United India Colony there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as anthropomorphics and other strange-looking characters 
Vishnu Vishal fan club have taken over Mugalivakkam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW Series 8 M8. took a ride around Keelkattalai listening to Sarvam Thaala Mayam songs  
Raided MGR Memorial with Ilayaraja worshippers. We found Karuvepillai Soru and Scrap Metal. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger from Tiruchengode weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Kuralagam Buildings who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
hurt old man from Ambasamudram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Baja Auto rickshaw. took a ride around Korukkupet listening to Bairavaa songs  
At a the highest ground we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vallalar Nagar 
Oracles of Surya sivakumar now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam in search of Arvind Swamy bobble heads 
It took two days to cross Rajiv Gandhi Salai. I live like an animal 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kodambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Verithanam Vimal cult are out in full force 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Otteri 
Passed through a barn and came upon a a small hill. walked up to find any tracks 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Ran out of drone. Time to join Gathering of the Virgin 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. wished them better things 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Thiruvotriyur. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive a new cult religion that preaches dialogue from Saattai and Appa 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Avadi. we have never been here before 
when I find sword I will go visit Catherine Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a poor young boy from Velampalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Saravanan	. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Anna nagar roundtana who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Arrived at Kuralagam Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kiran Rathod lives in Gass Forest Museum 
Drove around Kovilambakkam listening to Unnale Unnale songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing கூட்டாளி கூட்டாளி. let me just mind my buisness 
Raided Bharathiyar Illam with Tribe of Tharamani. We found Muttai thokku and Brocken Wall Clock. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz E-Class. took a ride around Sardar Patel Road listening to I (Ai) songs  
Met a a poor young boy singing என்ன பாடச் சொல்லாதே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
passed through building in Sowcarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion of Lemuria 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
A man from Nagercoil told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ranjankudi Fort. Id give them half of my food 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar 150. took a ride around Alwarthirunagar listening to 24 songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. Told I wont hurt them. 
Keerthy Suresh fan club have taken over Wall Tax Road 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallavaram 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆயக் கலைகளின் அறுபத்து playing in distance. no sign of life around 
Amir Mahal is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. hiked back down to the highway 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thirumullaivoyal 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Zambia. They left today morning and I am lonely. shaking uncontrollably 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around IIT Madras listening to Avan Ivan songs  
At the edge of Sholinganallur we sat in the Honda Shine to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in MGR Nagar. we have never been here before 
Raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building with Scion of SA Rajkumar. We found Kara pori and Bowling Pin. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Keelkattalai listening to Dhool songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. that is definitely a bait 
raided Anna memorial in search of Tale of Two Cities (Charles Dickens). found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
A scavenger from Jolarpet weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Met a  hurt old lady singing அடியே நெடுவாலி.. they think we are not real 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to தொட்டபெட்டா. Told I wont hurt them. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sakkarai Pongal 
raided Southern spice in search of The Truman Show DVD. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met a A man begging for food singing காதலுக்கு காலேஜு. wished them better things 
A scavenger from Perambalur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
A woman from Madhavaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram. Told I wont hurt them. 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to தேவுடா தேவுடா. that is definitely a bait 
A scavenger told me he beleives Hansika Motwani lives in Perumpallam Dam 
At the edge of Tiruverkadu we sat in the Baja Auto rickshaw to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Camped at a A burned house in Inner Ring Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
camped at Ripon building and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
I was near Egmore musuem but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Karapakkam. It was getting dark fast 
mind was filled with same encyclopedic memories. If only my heart were stone 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Tiruppur. everything is just motionless and gray 
Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building is full of Sand dust. There were signs in hippy language 
Met a a poor young boy singing நல்லவனா கெட்டவனா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vishnu Vishal action figures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kathir lives in Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Sonia Agarwal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anand lives in The Fernhills Palace, Ooty 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for milo 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Radhika Apte 
passed through building in Nungambakkam High Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vineeth fandom 
Drove around Chintadripet listening to Sukran songs. made a last tour of the place 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Vadapalani. we have never been here before 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Tonga. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
passed through building in Porur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Scion of Siruthai siva 
Raided Music Academy with The sivakasi legion. We found Kootansoru and Jar of Dried Plaster Paris. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near mayajaal who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vallalar Nagar 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kingfisher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A scavenger told me he beleives Janani Iyer lives in Aathupalayam Dam 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Cenotaph Road. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who wants to re-establish the rathna cafe and restore its old glory 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a scary woods. rummaged through the outsides 
I want to visit Nagercoil and Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai someday 
raided Nepiar bridge in search of Pastel tubes. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met fans of Sherin. we cooked and dined on Murunga keerai kozhambu 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a An old doghouse. Maybe should go take a look 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Saligramam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sukanya 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kaaramani poriyal 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Gautham Karthik fandom now wander the wasteland of Government Estate. They seek Stroller 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dexter cartoon 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perungudi. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Arrived at George town. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
a begging old lady from Maduravoyal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Raai Laxmi. could be a decoy 
Visited Mathur. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A scavenger from Usilampatti hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
weird looking bearded man from Chennai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cold wave. no sign of life around 
Vikram fan club have taken over Mylapore 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in China Bazaar Road. we have never been here before 
spotted hostile members of Faith of the Atlee clan near Eliots beach. girlfriend asked me to hold Electrical Conductor and readied her assault rifle 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
weird looking bearded man from Nagercoil asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bobby Simha. helped them man to their feet  
Crossed a field  and found half burnt neighbourhood. . A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Feeling sad. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around Iyyapanthangal listening to Kannathil Muthamittal songs  
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for The Terminator DVD 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஹேய் மி அமிகோ playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Crossed a dried up liver and found scary graveyard. walked the littered streets carefully 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cyclone. had a bad dream 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Vasundhara Kashyap 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met fans of Kamal Haasan. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen curry 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Armenian Street 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Kalashetra who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
A girl from Kovilpatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. handed them a cane 
when I find grapeshot I will go visit Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Shruti Haasan	. filled with deepest and oldest memories 
Nakula Sahadeva Ratha is filled with Radioactive sludge according to a survivor I met today 
Shore Temple is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Nandita Swetha 
It took two days to cross Ashok Nagar. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Soundarya. we briefly discussed about old times. astonishingly retentive memories 
a begging old lady from Salem told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prakash Raj lives in Amaravathi Dam 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v. took a ride around Gerugambakkam listening to Maanbumigu Maanavan songs  
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to பொன் என்பேன் சிறு. helped them man to their feet  
I want to visit Thanjavur and Law's Falls, Coonoor someday 
Camped at a garden shed in St.Thomas Mount. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rajashree 
Travelling with girlfriend to Central Square. We stayed off the road as we hear Selvaraghavan syndicate are out in full force 
It took two days to cross Pozhichalur. I look really skinny 
I want to visit Vaniyambadi and Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram someday 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Meenambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a flyover I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Moulivakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met fans of Gayathrie. filled with uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Heera Rajgopal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mango Sambar 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Catatumbo Lightning. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kovilambakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Camped at a A burned house in Sembakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Mohini fandom now wander the wasteland of K.K. Nagar. They seek Welding Mask 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karuvepillai Soru 
camped at Nair Mess and had bagpiper. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
passed through building in Kottur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNEB employees club 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to வானம் தொட்டு. handed them a cane 
Nazriya Nazim fan club have taken over Peravallur 
A scavenger from Sivagangai a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Dominar 400. took a ride around Anna Nagar listening to Charulatha songs  
spotted hostile members of Scion of Siruthai siva near Jannal Kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold Deepavali Ornaments and readied her submachine gun 
Drove around Tiruverkadu listening to Punniyavathi songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to ஆயக் கலைகளின் அறுபத்து. handed them some choclates 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Armenian Street there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wears gloves as socks and socks as gloves 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya Rajesh 
At the edge of Gerugambakkam we sat in the Aventador SVJ to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. entered from on the far side 
A girl from Virudhachalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. could be a decoy 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nungambakkam High Road the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Found a desolate barn in Government Estate. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Pozhichalur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In metro station we found a apricots in a garden shed 
raided Cholamandalam arts vilage in search of maha lacto. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Drove around Royapettah listening to Haridas songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met a a begging old lady singing ஒத்த சொல்லால. could be a decoy 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of G. V. Prakash Kumar. we briefly discussed about old times. awful and rancid memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nikki Galrani. we briefly discussed about old times. naturally retentive memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Minjur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Devotee of Dhanush are out in full force 
I want to visit Sivakasi and Gingee Fort someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Devi Sri Prasad 
Found a scary woods in Smith Road. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive Myskkin has found Ilayaraja in the lost city of Samarkand 
Srushti Dange fan club have taken over Pakkam 
Upper Anaicut is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
Monkey Falls is filled with Volcanic lava according to a survivor I met today 
At a field  we walked the littered streets carefully 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mango Sambar 
Arrived at Vaishnavi Idli Kadai. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Met fans of Gautham Karthik. filled with accurate and retentive memories 
I want to visit Anaiyur and Varaha Caves someday 
Met a Journalist who claimed he knew the location of Vimal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Cenotaph Road. we have never been here before 
Raided Panagal Maaligai with Sethupathy sydnicate. We found Egg in thick coconut milk gravy and of industrial cleaner. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met fans of Bhavana. filled with vague perplexing memories 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Yaschica camera 
Courtallam is filled with Volcanic lava according to a survivor I met today 
There is a rumour that Athulya Ravi fandom now occupies Pechiparai Reservoir 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. handed them some choclates 
Found a a roadside garage in Kattivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Guinea-Bissau. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Feeling sad. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Atharvaa 
At a highway I trekked on till almost dark 
passed through building in Pozhichalur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Virugambakkam Venerables 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
There is a rumour that Monica fandom now occupies Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Drove around Pulianthope listening to Virumaandi songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Kumbakkarai Falls is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
It took two days to cross ICF. I live like an animal 
Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fandom now wander the wasteland of George Town. They seek Empty Radaway Bag 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Chinna vengaayam poriyal 
Visited Tharamani. made a last tour of the place 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Spencer plaza who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Ran out of Half Eaten Mirelurk Leg. Time to join Gathering of the Virgin 
I want to visit Puzhuthivakkam and Maritime Museum, Tranquebar someday 
a begging old lady from Anaiyur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Fans of Ranjitha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and accurate memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anju Aravind action figures 
passed through building in Perumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Hansika Motwani fandom 
Crossed a round about and found aluminum houses. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Pazhavanthangal listening to Kaaka Kaaka songs  
At the edge of K.K. Nagar we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I live like an animal 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Carrot beans thovaran 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn ghee roast 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Arcot Road. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shalini 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Found a a small hill in Pulianthope. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who build statues for Ilayaraja 
I considered eating Poosani paruppu kootu. desperate time desperate measures 
when I find bayonet I will go visit Ayyanar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to கண்ணிரண்டும் மின்ன. wished them luck 
a dying old lady from Kodaikanal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Porur 
Crossed a a river  and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
A scavenger told me he beleives Rajashree lives in Perunchani Dam 
Travelling with girlfriend to Velachery. We stayed off the road as we hear ARR Fanatics are out in full force 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Peerkangaai poriyal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Spongebob Squarepants 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Basin Bridge there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Regina Cassandra 
Visited Ranganathan Street. walked the littered streets carefully 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in United India Colony. we have never been here before 
At a forest we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
In dry lake we found a Binoculars in a a stone wall 
At the edge of IIT Madras we sat in the Bajaj avenger to rest. I look really skinny 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
when I find lance I will go visit Aliyar Reservoir and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with foggy  memories. everything is just dim and shapeless 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nungambakkam High Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin will reinvent a way to make the first cinema in post apocalytic world 
camped at Theosophical society and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Chaya Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. standard and average memories 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Toon Adventures 
Ran out of Tree Sap. Time to join The tribe of Trichy  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kamal Haasan. we briefly discussed about old times. prenatal memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Egg in spicy coconut and tamarind gravy 
Lost track of what day it is. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
The Hermits of Pallavaram now wander the wasteland of Chintadripet in search of Laila bobble heads 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Teynampet 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kausalya 
passed through building in Madhavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Brotherhood of Santhome 
Found a scary woods in Madambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who worship Myskkin 
Met fans of Vijay Sethupathi. we cooked and dined on Vendaikkaai kaara kozhambu 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to டண்டனக்கா நக்கா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Rayar mess who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
Ran out of ammo box with no bullets. Time to join Citizens of Chengalpets 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing வாழ்வில் உன் கோரிக்கை. handed them a cane 
A. R. Rahman fan club have taken over China Bazaar Road 
At a crossroads we everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
In dried up liver we found a Towel in a old batboard smokehouse 
raided Theosophical society in search of good day biscuit. noticed dog followed us for two days 
At a a barn we made a last tour of the place 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD. took a ride around Meenambakkam listening to Kalyana Samayal Saatham songs  
raided Spectrum mall in search of cadbury bytes. trekked on till almost dark 
Visited Mandaveli. hiked back down to the highway 
At the edge of Wallajah Road we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
mind was filled with standard and average memories. I look really skinny 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Mari thara local 
passed through building in Santhome that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Roja fandom 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Velachery. we have never been here before 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mudichur. We stayed off the road as we hear Kovilpatti Coalition are out in full force 
At a nasty lake we walked the littered streets carefully 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Monica fandom 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Jayaram 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Rajiv Gandhi Salai. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met fans of Piaa Bajpai. we cooked and dined on Prawn briyani 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I was near Kalathi Newspaper Mart but couldnt see it due to Deadly rogue waves 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Ran out of Toaster. Time to join Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
I considered eating Manga Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Chronicles of Narnia 
A man begging for food from Pallipalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At a muddy road we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Arrived at Music Academy. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Camped at a desolate barn in Manali New Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Galeejam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Cult of CEG now wander the wasteland of Pammal in search of Vignesh bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Priyamani lives in Nallathangal Dam 
Raided Poomalai Commercial Complex with SVCE syndicate. We found Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru and Used Hypodermic Needle. I advised them to ration their foods 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Wild hurricane. I live like an animal 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for of the Hidden Temple 
passed through building in Mylapore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mohanlal fandom 
mind was filled with haunting memories. It is better to be alone 
I considered eating Urulai podimaas. desperate time desperate measures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bentley Bentayga. took a ride around Vanagaram listening to Iru Malargal songs  
Fort Dansborg is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Met fans of Aari. we cooked and dined on Vendhaya keerai kadalai poriyal 
I considered eating Ratha poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
weird looking bearded man from TheniAllinagaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
spotted hostile members of Wolves of Otteri near Spencer plaza. girlfriend asked me to hold Tent Pole and readied her revolver 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mint Street there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive on an eternal search to recreate the perfect Yaa mohaideen biriyani 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Rayar mess who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of The Neo-Maniratnam order near N V Natarajan Maaligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Rubber Mallet and readied her assault rifle 
weird looking bearded man from Kumbakonam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. walked up to find any tracks 
I considered eating Mutton Biriyani. desperate time desperate measures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kajal Aggarwal 
spotted hostile members of Sect of Anna university affliated alumni near Raj Bhavan . girlfriend asked me to hold pack of AAA batteries and readied her MG42 
Crossed a highway and found abandoned dumpyard. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Aravanai 
spotted hostile members of New Prophet League near Chennai central. girlfriend asked me to hold Basic Car Repair Book and readied her handgun 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Koothanallur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Bourne Ultimatum DVD 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
passed through building in Mount Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arvind Swamy fandom 
In MTC bus stop we found a Jar full of Spider Webs in a abandoned roadworks site 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
We arrived at the outskirts of Pazhavanthangal the weather is almost unbearable, everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. filled with remote warm memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Chennai city. we have never been here before 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At the edge of Vallalar Nagar we sat in the Bajaj Dominar 400 to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Drove around Tiruvallikeni listening to Naanum Oru Thozhilali songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Raided N V Natarajan Maaligai with Sethupathy sydnicate. We found Uthappam and Teeth 1d12. I advised them to ration their foods 
Drove around Royapuram listening to Adaikalam songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Meera Jasmine 
passed through building in Ayanavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Harish Raghavendra fandom 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nesapakkam. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. they are scared 
passed through building in Tambaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anand fandom 
Drove around Purasaiwalkam listening to Rangeela songs. made a last tour of the place 
when I find Big Bertha I will go visit Fort Vijf Sinnen and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. could be a decoy 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Spicy Vanjaram fry 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Maduravoyal 
a begging old lady from Sattur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anju Aravind. handed them some choclates 
spotted hostile members of Sholinganallur Syndicate near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks. girlfriend asked me to hold Basic Car Repair Book and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
A girl from Cuddalore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mahishasuramardini Mandapa. could be a decoy 
I was near Vandalur zoo but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
Passed through highway and came upon a desolate barn. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
raided Dosart in search of Count of Monte Cristo. walked the littered streets carefully 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Anna Salai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive in ancient way of living and rejects all modern things 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Seeraga samba chicken biryani 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit The Fernhills Palace, Ooty and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Classic 350 
mind was filled with digitalized molecular memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I considered eating Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for A. R. Rahman action figures 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Dindugal Biriyani 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Raided SRM university with New Start Federation. We found Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal and Instant Noodles  rations worth. I advised them to ration their foods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met fans of Kausalya. we cooked and dined on Pudalangaai poriyal 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kodungaiyur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rakul Preet Singh action figures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
a dying old lady from Koothanallur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Visited Red Hills. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Travelling with girlfriend to Saligramam. We stayed off the road as we hear PSBB Alumni are out in full force 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near parrys corner who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alwarthirunagar 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Arulnithi. we briefly discussed about old times. off by heart memories 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Pollachi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Dviya. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thalapakkatti chicken biryani 
Met fans of Samantha. we cooked and dined on Muttai thokku 
T nagar AGS is full of unexploded deadly bombs . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
We arrived at the outskirts of Kovilambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
We arrived at the outskirts of Choolai the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I was near Adyar eco park but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Machi Open the Bottle 
Amy Jackson fandom now wander the wasteland of Neelankarai. They seek backpack 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nithya Menen lives in Chokkanatha Nayak Palace 
Met fans of Kathir. we cooked and dined on Pakoda 
raided SRM university in search of roal cola candies. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Aa mudhal akku thaana daa 
Drove around China Bazaar Road listening to Mugavaree songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a scary graveyard. Maybe should go take a look 
Crossed a round about and found half burnt neighbourhood. . ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is a rumour that Manthra fandom now occupies Lower Anaicut 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. could be a decoy 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shruthi Ramakrishnan lives in Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
There is a rumour that Shreya Ghoshal fandom now occupies Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a a stone wall. decided to camped there 
Crossed a empty pond and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Genelia D'Souza 
Fans of Prabhu Deva kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. painful or uncomfortable memories 
Arrived at Taj coromandel. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
At the edge of Adambakkam we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar RS200 to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nandanam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vidharth. we briefly discussed about old times. horrible unconscious memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Dominar 400. took a ride around Mint Street listening to Kaalai songs  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mochai theeyal 
a dying old lady from Bhavani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Dulquer Salmaan. Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vendakkaai poriyal 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nayanthara 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Srivilliputhur. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Travelling with girlfriend to Santhome. We stayed off the road as we hear TNSTC fanatics are out in full force 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Tanga Dunga 
Met a  hurt old lady singing என்னடி மீனாட்சி. Id give them half of my food 
Met a a dying old lady singing ஓலக் குடிசையிலே நான். wished them better things 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a A burned house. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of Gerugambakkam in search of Shreya Ghoshal bobble heads 
I considered eating Agathi keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Clockwork Orange (Anthony Burgess) 
Feeling sad. no sign of life around 
Crossed a junction and found desolate barn. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met a  hurt old lady singing சின்னச் சின்ன. wished them luck 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Zimbabwe. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Dosart who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
Varaha Caves is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Found a McDonalds outlet at MGR Nagar. It was getting dark fast 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangeetha. we briefly discussed about old times. intrusive other memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Inner Ring Road 
Feeling sad. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Raided CMWSSB Buildings with The Devotee of Dhanush. We found Senai chops and Bread Box. I advised them to ration their foods 
spotted hostile members of Followers of the Tendulkar near Anna nagar tower park. girlfriend asked me to hold Fish Bowl and readied her Hotchkiss machine gun 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Met a weird looking bearded man singing பாரத சமுதாயம் வாழ்கவே. Id give them half of my food 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pulianthope. We stayed off the road as we hear The Reincarnated Ramnad order are out in full force 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to ஒரு கிளி உருகுது. Id give them half of my food 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tiruverkadu 
Met fans of Deva. we cooked and dined on Mutton curry dosa 
camped at Ramanujan IT park and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Napoleon fan club have taken over Eranavur 
Crossed a field  and found a small hill. everything is just motionless and gray 
raided Spencer plaza in search of The Pianist DVD. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Budeweiser. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sivaranjani action figures 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Ford Aspire 
Arrived at Vandalur zoo. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
A girl from Pallavapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. wished them luck 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken ghee roast 
A scavenger told me he beleives Divya Spandana lives in Mandagapattu Temple 
Lost track of what day it is. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Mugilivakkam Mortals now wander the wasteland of Royapettah in search of Nikhila Vimal bobble heads 
Crossed a barren land and found a small hill. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met fans of Sameera Reddy. filled with obscure and painful memories 
Found a a roadside garage in Perumbakkam. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive Samuthrakani will return to save them after he learns secret powers under a volcano  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kasthuri 
Arrived at Thalamuthu Natarajan Building. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Ran out of hazmat suit. Time to join Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   
Drove around Jafferkhanpet listening to Alibabavum 40 Thirudargalum songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Feeling sad. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
A scavenger told me he beleives Janani Iyer lives in Kamaraj Sagar Dam 
I considered eating Ratha poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of False Prophet Gang near Valluvar kottam. girlfriend asked me to hold Mummified Hand with Six fingers and readied her Schwarzlose machine gun 
A girl from Koothanallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit MGR Race Course Stadium. wished them luck 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Poonamallee. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met fans of Suriya. we cooked and dined on Kozhi pachai curry 
when I find Springfield rifle I will go visit Mandagapattu Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
raided Nair Mess in search of coffee bite. made a last tour of the place 
Met a Technician who claimed he knew the location of Shruti Haasan	 
passed through building in Alandur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ilayaraja worshippers 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Roja 
camped at Anjapper and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pattabiram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive adorn with tattoos piercings mukkal drousers and royal enfield 
Met fans of Kreshna. filled with dim subliminal memories 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Connemara Public Library who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
passed through building in Madhavaram Milk Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Naveen Chandra fandom 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Kill a Mockingbird 
A scavenger from Sattur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
spotted hostile members of The badass cult of Bodinayakanur near TNPCB Building. girlfriend asked me to hold pan with a half-fried egg and readied her dirty bomb 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Jayaram 
Passed through highway and came upon a garden shed. walked up to find any tracks 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
I want to visit Dindigul and Sothuparai Dam someday 
A scavenger from Pallavapuram a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked aval pori 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Pudupet. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ritika Singh 
spotted hostile members of The sivakasi legion near Vandalur zoo. girlfriend asked me to hold Barbers Clips and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
It took two days to cross Ranganathan Street. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is an increasing amount of demand for David Copperfield 
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Passed through train station and came upon a scary woods. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shruti Haasan	 action figures 
Met a Dental hygienist who claimed he knew the location of Mano 
Ran out of of zip ties. Time to join Sect of Anna university affliated alumni 
Met fans of Sandhya. we cooked and dined on AdaiThakkali Soru 
A man from Chengalpattu told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vaideki Falls. helped them man to their feet  
Met a Geologist who claimed he knew the location of Poorna 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Dakshinchitra who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruneermalai the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Passion Pro. took a ride around Red Hills listening to Kadhal Kavithai songs  
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a aluminum houses. walked up to find any tracks 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Remya Nambeesan 
A man begging for food from Tiruchengode told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Virugambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Swathi Reddy fandom 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at K.K. Nagar 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Meera Jasmine 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijay Antony. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
Ran out of Rolling Pin. Time to join The Blessed 
Arrived at Anna nagar roundtana. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aishwarya lives in Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library 
Met fans of Vimal. filled with hazy memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gautham Karthik 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mohini. we briefly discussed about old times. unforgettable memories 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Ambur Biriyani 
when I find halberd I will go visit Kodaganar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Blenders Pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Drove around Sithalapakkam listening to Anbulla Rajinikanth songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Crossed a barren land and found scary graveyard. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a a begging old lady singing காதல் கண் கட்டுதே. Id give them half of my food 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dinesh lives in Solaiyar Dam 
There is a rumour that Preetha Vijayakumar fandom now occupies Karpaka Vinayakar Temple 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Ran out of Egg Timer. Time to join Nungambakkam overlords 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Carlsberg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Purasaiwalkam. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a SETC Ultra deluxe. took a ride around Pazhavanthangal listening to Uzhavan songs  
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Saidapet 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki WagonR 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for The Green Mile DVD 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. sat on the embankment and waited	 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
mind was filled with back bad memories. I dont understand how I am still alive 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
spotted hostile members of Mugilivakkam Mortals near Taj connemara. girlfriend asked me to hold Jigsaw Puzzle and readied her sabre 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Nemilichery. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Mylapore listening to Marina songs  
weird looking bearded man from Perambalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sanghavi. wished them luck 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. wished them luck 
camped at Keshav Chaat House and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Crossed a nasty lake and found godown covered with ash and dust. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Prakash Raj fan club have taken over Kotturpuram 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Files 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Royapuram Peter 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a scary graveyard. passed through the site 
passed through building in Pallavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nagma fandom 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Tabu 
Anand fan club have taken over China Bazaar Road 
At a the highest ground I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Tabu fan club have taken over Thirumangalam 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
when I find Uzi submachine gun I will go visit Nakula Sahadeva Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Tiruppathur. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Camped at a garden shed in Kolathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
mind was filled with oldest and faintest memories. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Bharathiyar Illam who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
At a empty pond we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Park Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A boy from Valasaravakkam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Perumpallam Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Found a a stone wall in Santhome. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who debate a religious schism over whether the Ilayaraja or Samuthrakani is the true messiah 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Subway who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
I considered eating Karunai kizhangu kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Mumtaz 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . walked up to find any tracks 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Carlsberg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Passed through highway and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. There are no tracks in the mud around 
What woke me up today was the sound of நேற்று அவள் இருந்தாள் playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
raided Mansuk’s sweet and snacks in search of Appy fizz. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sivakarthikeyan lives in Fort Geldria 
What woke me up today was the sound of அழகினில் விளைந்தது playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
spotted hostile members of TNEB employees club near Adyar eco park. girlfriend asked me to hold Carton of Cigarettes ( packs) and readied her Bren machine gun 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Grenada. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nemilichery the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met fans of Arun Vijay. filled with distinct and wondrous memories 
camped at Ampa skywalk and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A boy from Veerappanchatram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Delhi Gate (Vellore). Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Found a aluminum houses in Washermanpet. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pammal 
Travelling with girlfriend to Moulivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Kings of KK Nagar are out in full force 
I considered eating Murunga keerai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
What woke me up today was the sound of வா எதிரில் வா playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Srushti Dange action figures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kadalai paruppu paayasam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nivetha Pethuraj action figures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Janani Iyer action figures 
Met a Secretary who claimed he knew the location of Rajashree 
Crossed a junction and found deserted supermarket. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Basin bridge who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Hornet 160 R. took a ride around Injambakkam listening to Maasilamani songs  
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Mettur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
In long hill we found a Keyring full of Keys in a A burned house 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Sholinganallur. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Rajiv Gandhi Salai. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
spotted hostile members of SVCE syndicate near Valluvar kottam. girlfriend asked me to hold Jar of Dried up Wood Glue and readied her tomahawk 
At a long hill I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
We arrived at the outskirts of Government Estate the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
Ganesh Venkatraman fandom now wander the wasteland of Thirumullaivoyal. They seek cart 
Arrived at Thalapakatti. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Visited Thirumangalam. made a last tour of the place 
In MTC bus stop we found a Jeans (stonewashed) in a old batboard smokehouse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sneha action figures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Taapsee Pannu action figures 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vasundhara Kashyap. we briefly discussed about old times. benign other memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
Crossed a dry lake and found deserted supermarket. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. we cooked and dined on Lemon rasam 
What woke me up today was the sound of தட்டிபாத்தேன் கொட்டாங்குச்சி playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஹையோ அழகே playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Suzuki gixxer. took a ride around Nandanam listening to Unnai vaazhthi paadukiren songs  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Sembakkam. we have never been here before 
At the edge of Alwarpet we sat in the Lexus LS to rest. cold daylight fell through  
I was near Adyar eco park but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a desolate barn. Maybe should go take a look 
Crossed a crossroads and found old batboard smokehouse. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Remya Nambeesan fandom now wander the wasteland of Manapakkam. They seek Empty Nuka Cola Bottle 
There is a rumour that Priyamani fandom now occupies Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vyasarpadi there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to re-establish the chennai super kings franchise 
There is a rumour that Nikki Galrani fandom now occupies Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple 
Fans of Janani Iyer kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. off by heart memories 
Crossed a empty pond and found a roadside garage. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in MKB Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
Anna university campus is full of Toxic smoke. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Kolathur. we have never been here before 
At the edge of Arcot Road we sat in the Hero HF Deluxe to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vikram action figures 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Ezhilagam who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Viluppuram. everything is just motionless and gray 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
passed through building in Wallajah Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ilayaraja worshippers 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Travelling with girlfriend to Mogappair. We stayed off the road as we hear Chosen Ones of Anna nagars are out in full force 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Basin bridge who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Hariharan fandom now wander the wasteland of Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. They seek Wooden Toy Bocks 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Cb hornet. took a ride around Shenoy Nagar listening to Kannathil Muthamittal songs  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kiran Rathod. we briefly discussed about old times. phenomenally massive memories 
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sangeetha fandom 
It took two days to cross Wall Tax Road. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Mylapore. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who build statues for Bigil 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஏன் விழுந்தாய் playing in distance. no sign of life around 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinji Soru 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nivetha Thomas action figures 
Ega theatre is full of Washed over deadbodies. sat there and ate leftovers 
What woke me up today was the sound of அம்மா மேல சத்தியம் playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rambha 
spotted hostile members of The Legion near GRT grand. girlfriend asked me to hold Book on Dealing with PTSD and readied her flamethrower 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of Chintadripet in search of Vijay Antony bobble heads 
Sukanya fan club have taken over Minjur 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Paruppu Soru 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Royapettah. we have never been here before 
mind was filled with private and unpleasant memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to கல்லூரி சாலை. wished them better things 
There is a rumour that Remya Nambeesan fandom now occupies Manjalar Dam 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Nandu masala 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tondiarpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive favor a fairly simple life 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Here comes the pain CD 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Ukraine. They left today morning and I am lonely. I live like an animal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nalli elumbu masala 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆரிரோ ஆராரிரோ இது playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Thiruvarangam who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Travelling with girlfriend to Wallajah Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Wolves of Otteri are out in full force 
Nandita Swetha fan club have taken over Kolathur 
Met fans of Sangeetha. we cooked and dined on Chettinad spicy egg curry 
raided crocodile bank in search of board powder. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Vallalar Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in United India Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNEB employees club 
There is an increasing amount of demand for 7up 
At the edge of Peters Road we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nandanam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Met a Midwife who claimed he knew the location of Bindu Madhavi 
Pancha Rathas is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Namakkal. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
passed through building in Armenian Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sherin fandom 
weird looking bearded man from Palani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Rambha. handed them some choclates 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Peerkankaranai. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Paruppu rasam 
A boy from Ranipet told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumbakkarai Falls. that is definitely a bait 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat there and ate leftovers 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a desolate barn. sat there and ate leftovers 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Laila 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shalini 
At a poisonous lake I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Raided thalamuthu natarajan maligai with Order of Marina. We found Paanakam and medicine cabinet containing multivitamins. I advised them to ration their foods 
I considered eating Nalli elumbu masala. desperate time desperate measures 
spotted hostile members of The Elder Order of Eldams road near Eliots beach. girlfriend asked me to hold Golf Balls 2d8 and readied her French 75 
Met fans of Prathyusha. we cooked and dined on Puttu 
Met a  hurt old lady singing சின்னஞ் சிறு பைங்கிளியே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Naatu kozhi rasam 
Met fans of Sasikumar. we cooked and dined on Muttai kalakki 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Maduravoyal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship yogi babu 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. helped them man to their feet  
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for War and Peace 
Met a Labourer who claimed he knew the location of Mumtaz 
A scavenger told me he beleives Jyothika lives in Varaha Caves 
A young boy with a good voice from Virudhunagar told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharmapuri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Naaka Mukka 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
I considered eating Lemon rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
It took two days to cross Ranganathan Street. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I was near Le Royal meridien but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Ramavaram listening to Ambikapathy songs  
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Belgium. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
camped at Semmozhi poonga and had British empire. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
I considered eating Kara pori. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing நிறம் பிரித்து பார்த்தேன். Id give them half of my food 
Raided guindy national park with Gifts of Mutation Syndicate  . We found Iraal masala and Pocket Knife. I advised them to ration their foods 
Ran out of Rubber Mallet. Time to join The Droplets 
There is a rumour that Simran fandom now occupies Agasthiyar Falls 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Virugambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wants to re-establish the rathna cafe and restore its old glory 
At the edge of Teynampet we sat in the Xylo to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
At the edge of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram we sat in the Hero HF Deluxe to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pozhichalur. We stayed off the road as we hear False Prophet Gang are out in full force 
Piaa Bajpai fandom now wander the wasteland of Gerugambakkam. They seek Jimmy Hat 
passed through building in Tondiarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Devotee of Dhanush 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cold wave. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
spotted hostile members of The Devotee of Dhanush near Spectrum mall. girlfriend asked me to hold Square of Dog Fur and readied her assault rifle 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near DMS Annex Buildings who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Nei Soru 
Camped at a desolate barn in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met fans of Poonam Bajwa. we cooked and dined on Chicken ghee roast 
Visited Madambakkam. made a last tour of the place 
spotted hostile members of The Droplets near Statue of Labour. girlfriend asked me to hold Broken Garden Gnome and readied her grenade 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Drove around Royapuram listening to Deivame Thunai songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to I am a Kuthu dancer 
Passed through round about and came upon a A burned house. There were signs in hippy language 
Crossed a muddy road and found scary graveyard. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Camped at a a stone wall in West Mambalam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at Santhome search. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Abbas fan club have taken over Minjur 
Drove around Kodambakkam listening to Sachein songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Tiruvarur. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
At a empty pond I everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Pattabiram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajmal Ameer fandom 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing காதல் என்ற மூன்றெழுத்து இனிக்கும். handed them some choclates 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Kuzhithurai. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
The sivakasi legion now wander the wasteland of Alwarthirunagar in search of Heera Rajgopal bobble heads 
Met fans of Poonam Bajwa. filled with faint  memories 
Camped at a garden shed in Gopalapuram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Prakash Raj 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met fans of Vaibhav. filled with hazy memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of நீ கவிதை எனக்கு playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Vallalar Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In muddy road we found a Bioluminous Mold in a aluminum houses 
Met fans of Madhoo. filled with horrible unconscious memories 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Ponal 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
Met fans of Raai Laxmi. filled with short-term eidetic memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shriya Saran action figures 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Intouchables DVD 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gaana Bala. we briefly discussed about old times. profane and poetical memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Fair 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to கேளாமல் கையிலே. could be a decoy 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to அஜுக்கு அஜுக்கு கும்க்கு கும்க்கு. let me just mind my buisness 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found half burnt neighbourhood. . opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi milagu masala 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
Visited Broadway. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Camped at a garden shed in Kazhipattur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at CMBT. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Murugan Idli shop is full of Toxic smoke. looks stripped and plundered  
Passed through a river  and came upon a a roadside garage. could hear a slack drip of water 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Manoj Bharathiraja 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Raj Bhavan who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Perumpallam Dam is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
Connemara public library is full of unexploded landmines. looks stripped and plundered  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sameera Reddy. we briefly discussed about old times. oldest other memories 
Ran out of Broken Solar Panel. Time to join Selvaraghavan syndicate 
A scavenger from Cuddalore a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
weird looking bearded man from Kulithalai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vasundhara Kashyap. Told I wont hurt them. 
A girl from Ambasamudram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram. handed them a cane 
camped at Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. There were signs in hippy language 
Udhayanidhi Stalin fan club have taken over Besant Nagar 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Drove around Noombal listening to Kumbakarai Thangaiah songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Chrompet listening to Natpu songs  
Camped at a desolate barn in Mint Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sathanur Dam is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. I live like an animal 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near marina beach who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Aminjikarai 
Oracles of Roman reigns now wander the wasteland of Teynampet in search of Asin bobble heads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sembakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Confederacy of Chrompet are out in full force 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Ambur Mutton biryani 
when I find sling I will go visit Karanthai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anand action figures 
mind was filled with old and biochemical memories. I live like an animal 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
when I find Greek fire I will go visit Kunderipallam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj avenger 
Mohini fandom now wander the wasteland of Vadapalani. They seek Wooden Peg Leg 
Passed through highway and came upon a A burned house. passed through the site 
raided Murugan Idli kadai in search of Three Musketeers (Alexandre Dumas). slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu 
Raided Vivekanadar illam with Gifts of Mutation Syndicate  . We found Vengaaya thalai poriyal and Wooden Chair. I advised them to ration their foods 
The Legion now wander the wasteland of Maduravoyal in search of Sneha bobble heads 
Met fans of Trisha. we cooked and dined on Vendhaya kozhambu 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Manisha Koirala 
In barren land we found a checkerboard with homemade chess pieces made from various bullet shells in a deserted supermarket 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Tirusulam. we have never been here before 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
Karikalan fan club have taken over Royapettah 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vadapalani the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
a begging old lady from Maraimalainagar told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of United India Colony there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive kills anyone that doesnt agree Sura is the greatest movie of all time 
Fans of Athulya Ravi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim  memories 
At a crossroads I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Ran out of Cloth Tape Measure. Time to join Cult of CEG 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in St.Thomas Mount. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Palavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for of the Hidden Temple 
passed through building in Mathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Verithanam Vimal cult 
Arrived at Bharathiyar Illam. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rambha. we briefly discussed about old times. striking and visual memories 
a dying old lady from Dharmapuri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vikram. they are scared 
spotted hostile members of The Hermits of Pallavaram near Feastinn . girlfriend asked me to hold Rolladex of Buisness Contacts and readied her mortar 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Adambakkam. It was getting dark fast 
Arrived at Le Royal meridien. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
At a round about we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
camped at Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Reema Sen fandom now wander the wasteland of Villivakkam. They seek Tennis Ball 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pammal. We stayed off the road as we hear The sivakasi legion are out in full force 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
 hurt old lady from Namakkal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Met a a poor young boy singing சிரிக்கின்றாள் இன்று சிரிக்கின்றாள். they are scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Prakash Raj action figures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Trisha 
Drove around Adyar listening to Kaaka Muttai songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to பல்லாங்குழியின் வட்டம் பார்த்தேன். Told I wont hurt them. 
camped at High court building and had Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a deserted supermarket. could hear a slack drip of water 
camped at Anna memorial and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rear Window DVD 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
camped at Nungambakkam Chat shop and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Poonam Bajwa 
There is an increasing amount of demand for aasai choclate 
In a barn we found a pillow sack filled with doorknobs in a deserted supermarket 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mohini 
mind was filled with retentive and accurate memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
Crossed a dry lake and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . found fossil tracks in the dried road  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Manisha Koirala 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dulquer Salmaan lives in Kodaganar Dam 
A boy from Kovilpatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vattakottai Fort. they think we are not real 
passed through building in Thiruninravur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kalaiyarasan fandom 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Anna Nagar 
Met a Teacher who claimed he knew the location of Sadha 
A scavenger from Tiruvarur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
There is a rumour that Namitha fandom now occupies Mettur Dam 
At a flyover I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met a  hurt old lady singing சிட்டுக்குருவி முத்தம். could be a decoy 
In empty pond we found a Welding Mask in a deserted supermarket 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kottur. made a last tour of the place 
At a nasty lake I made a last tour of the place 
At the edge of Vyasarpadi we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar RS200 to rest. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
when I find Luger pistol I will go visit Poigai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ஓகே ஓகே மாமு. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Easwari Rao 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Selaiyur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I want to visit Hosur and Eraniel Palace someday 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
spotted hostile members of The Devotee of Dhanush near guindy national park. girlfriend asked me to hold Cave Fungus and readied her RDX 
I considered eating Brinji Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perumbakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Sect of Anna university affliated alumni are out in full force 
 hurt old lady from Ranipet asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Genelia D'Souza. helped them man to their feet  
Raided Taj connemara with The Legion. We found Kizhangu pottalam and Walking Cane (may count as baton). I advised them to ration their foods 
I was near Ezhilagam but couldnt see it due to Dust storm 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Amy Jackson 
Faith of the Atlee clan now wander the wasteland of Otteri in search of Udhayanidhi Stalin bobble heads 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is a rumour that Samantha fandom now occupies Gass Forest Museum 
passed through building in Ramavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vikram fandom 
when I find coastal artillery I will go visit Coutrallam Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Fans of Catherine Tresa kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. nostalgic feeling 
Fans of Dinesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. poignant and pungent memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
In MTC bus stop we found a Monopoly Board in a aluminum houses 
Crossed a dry lake and found half burnt neighbourhood. . slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
In muddy road we found a Santa Claus Mask in a godown covered with ash and dust 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met fans of Sneha. filled with oldest other memories 
At the edge of Injambakkam we sat in the BMW Series 8 M8 to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I want to visit Thoothukudi and Amir Mahal someday 
 hurt old lady from Viluppuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Jafferkhanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anuradha Sriram fandom 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Madagascar. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rajashree 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mullangi poriyal 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pozhichalur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Amaravathi Dam is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. let me just mind my buisness 
Met a Occupational Therapist who claimed he knew the location of Sanghavi 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Sholinganallur. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
Vijayalakshmi fan club have taken over Chitlapakkam 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Malavika 
In muddy road we found a Baseball Bat in a abandoned dumpyard 
Passed through forest and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Renault Triber Wagon. took a ride around Ayanavaram listening to Kadhal Kavithai songs  
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near High court building who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhoo 
passed through building in Arumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gathering of the Virgin 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Perumbakkam 
Camped at a A burned house in Royapuram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Simran 
I was near Valluvar Kottam but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Titanic Food Corner who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ranjitha action figures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Aventador SVJ. took a ride around Inner Ring Road listening to Keladi Kanmani songs  
Piaa Bajpai fandom now wander the wasteland of Koyambedu. They seek Empty Pill Bottle 
A scavenger told me he beleives Genelia D'Souza lives in Attangudi Palace 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Djibouti. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A scavenger from Tirunelveli a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
spotted hostile members of Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance near Fishermens cove. girlfriend asked me to hold Dinner Plate and readied her Explosives 
In crossroads we found a Tweezers in a a stone wall 
Met a a dying old lady singing பூக்களே சற்று ஓய்வெடுங்கள். helped them man to their feet  
In a river  we found a Toilet Seat in a a stone wall 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Chinna yana 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a deserted supermarket. decided to camped there 
when I find handgun I will go visit Ayyanar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thirumullaivoyal. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Amala Paul fan club have taken over Kazhipattur 
Found a aluminum houses in Annanur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who that worship Anjappar outlets 
A scavenger from Gudiyatham  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
when I find halberd I will go visit Katary Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Manisha Koirala fan club have taken over Chennai Bypass 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around Vandalur listening to Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru songs  
Met a weird looking bearded man singing வண்டி வண்டி. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Mango Sambar 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Subway who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Acid Nation are out in full force 
Sasikumar fan club have taken over Rajaji Salai, Chennai 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Poonam Bajwa fandom now wander the wasteland of Alwarthirunagar. They seek grenade 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallikaranai 
passed through building in Chepauk that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sai Dhanshika fandom 
Sunaina fan club have taken over Ritchie Street 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஜில்லா ஜில்லா playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a Secretary who claimed he knew the location of Vignesh 
raided Adyar eco park in search of Terminator: Judgment Day DVD. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Rajiv Gandhi Salai listening to Kayal songs  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ranjitha 
I was near Anna university campus but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. filled with horrible unconscious memories 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Met fans of Anuya Bhagvath. we cooked and dined on Kudaimilagai Soru 
Found a McDonalds outlet at China Bazaar Road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ice burst cigeratte 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Eritrea. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at Rayar mess. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Raided Anjapper with Samudhrakani worshippers. We found Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal and Picture of a Nuclear Blast. I advised them to ration their foods 
In train station we found a Steering Wheel in a abandoned dumpyard 
Met fans of Nagma. we cooked and dined on Vendhaya kozhambu 
Passed through flyover and came upon a a stone wall. Maybe should go take a look 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Roja 
spotted hostile members of Peoples Temple near Raj Bhavan. girlfriend asked me to hold large wrench and readied her mortar 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Putchi 
Found a deserted supermarket in Chetput. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Chetput. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
camped at Greams road fruit shop and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Visited Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near N V Natarajan Maaligai who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a a stone wall. looks stripped and plundered  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Cb hornet. took a ride around Alandur listening to Naan Sirithal songs  
Met fans of Arvind Swamy. filled with deeper and aboriginal memories 
There is a rumour that Sangita fandom now occupies Perunchani Dam 
Feeling sad. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Dindigul. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Laila action figures 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a deserted supermarket. entered from on the far side 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
I was near TNPCB Building but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
Dulquer Salmaan fan club have taken over Anna Nagar 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Vikramasingapuram. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Spectrum mall is full of Automobile Debris. Maybe should go take a look 
Met a  hurt old lady singing உழைப்பாளி இல்லாத. they are scared 
raided Alwarpet Dakshin in search of Shoes. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divya Bharthi fandom 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bhavana. we briefly discussed about old times. vague and horrifying memories 
Madurai madmen now wander the wasteland of Meenambakkam in search of Sukanya bobble heads 
Arrived at Eliots beach. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
mind was filled with blurred memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Found a A burned house in Peters Road. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who worship yogi babu 
mind was filled with unusually retentive memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to காற்று வெளியிடை. wished them better things 
Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fan club have taken over Nungambakkam 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to செவ்வந்தி பூவே. Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sweet pongal 
Met fans of Saravanan	. filled with unusually retentive memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ayanavaram the weather is almost unbearable, no sign of life around 
Arrived at High court building. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Madhoo action figures 
Arrived at Semmozhi poonga. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met fans of Prakash Raj. filled with haunting memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Parvathy. we briefly discussed about old times. back unwelcome memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes. took a ride around Peters Road listening to Sumaithaangi songs  
Dindiugal Brotherhood now wander the wasteland of Alapakkam in search of Anju Aravind bobble heads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Preetha Vijayakumar 
when I find repeating rifle I will go visit Government Museum, Karur and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kozhakkattai 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Found a scary graveyard in Puzhal. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pudupet. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a scary graveyard. sat there and ate leftovers 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallavaram 
Camped at a garden shed in Pakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Drove around Central Square listening to Kalyani songs. made a last tour of the place 
There is a rumour that Kajal Aggarwal fandom now occupies Papanasam Dam 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tiruvallikeni. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is a rumour that Sameera Reddy fandom now occupies Coimbatore Golf Club 
Raided Pallavaram yaa moihdeen with The Last of lemurians. We found Poondu theeyal and TOW II Targeting Chip. I advised them to ration their foods 
a dying old lady from Ranipet asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vaibhav. they think we are not real 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Nolambur. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive Myskkin has found Ilayaraja in the lost city of Samarkand 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Visited Adambakkam. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
camped at Anna nagar tower park and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met fans of Sadha. we cooked and dined on Sorakkaai verkaadalai poriyal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Karuvepillai Soru 
I considered eating Maravalli kizhangu poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Amy Jackson. filled with striking and visual memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. they are scared 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Minjur. we have never been here before 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
mind was filled with digitalized molecular memories. had a bad dream 
We arrived at the outskirts of Adyar the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance now wander the wasteland of Thiruninravur in search of Vikram bobble heads 
passed through building in Mugalivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arulnithi fandom 
A man begging for food from Udumalaipettai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Fort st george who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Saravanan	 action figures 
What woke me up today was the sound of நீயில்லை நிழலில்லை playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a A burned house. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
I want to visit Palladam and Vellore Fort someday 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mandaveli 
I was near Jannal Kadai but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
I want to visit Attur and Tamukkam Ground someday 
I was near Hilton but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Ran out of Deck of Playing Cards (Marked). Time to join Cult of CEG 
Met fans of Sivakarthikeyan. filled with back distant memories 
when I find dagger I will go visit Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
At a dry lake we made a last tour of the place 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Casablanca DVD 
Met fans of Amala Paul. we cooked and dined on Kaalan milagu varuval 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
when I find quarterstaff I will go visit Narasimhaswamy and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Chandini Tamilarasan. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shruti Haasan	 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shalini action figures 
I was near Ethiraj college but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Raided Burma bazzar with The Droplets. We found Mutton Sukka and Manequin Head. I advised them to ration their foods 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Milagu Soru 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
At a nasty lake we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Arrived at DPI Complex. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
At a nasty lake we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
I considered eating Kaaramani poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
What woke me up today was the sound of தெள்ளத் தெளிந்த தேனமுதே playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
Fans of Pranitha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague perplexing memories 
I considered eating Urulai podimaas. desperate time desperate measures 
when I find trinitrotoluene I will go visit Nallathangal Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raided Anna nagar starbucks with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found Payaru thovaran and zipper case capable of holding 24 CDs. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Aishwarya Rai action figures 
Crossed a forest and found a stone wall. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
What woke me up today was the sound of தாழையாம் பூ முடிச்சு playing in distance. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
A scavenger from Avadi A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of United India Colony in search of Kamal Haasan bobble heads 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Karan 
a poor young boy from Melvisharam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nungambakkam 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a a small hill. There were signs in hippy language 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Tirunelveli. walked the littered streets carefully 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vidharth 
I want to visit Cuddalore and Aliyar Reservoir someday 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kasthuri 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Passion Pro. took a ride around Anna Nagar listening to Chinna Kounder songs  
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Kalasala Kalasala 
A young boy with a good voice from Dindigul told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a a dying old lady singing ஐ போன் 6 நீ என்றல். they think we are not real 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in MGR Nagar. we have never been here before 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Italy. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Fans of Arvind Swamy kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. accurate and retentive memories 
In dried up liver we found a books in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
raided Ramanujan IT park in search of Soda Float. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Malavika action figures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for of the Hidden Temple 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kajal Aggarwal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Priyamani lives in Manimuthar Dam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken ghee roast 
There is a rumour that Haricharan fandom now occupies Vaideki Falls 
I was near Cholamandalam arts vilage but couldnt see it due to Heat wave 
In a barn we found a Tent Pole in a garden shed 
when I find handgun I will go visit Gaur Vellaiyan Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. hiked back down to the highway 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sridevi Vijayakumar action figures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay Sethupathi 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
Ran out of Kitchen Pot. Time to join The Thoothukudi Fallen 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Bullet 350. took a ride around Choolai listening to Kennedy Club songs  
Travelling with girlfriend to Kottur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion are out in full force 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met fans of Shruthi Ramakrishnan. filled with dim  memories 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . There were signs in hippy language 
Met fans of Divya Spandana. we cooked and dined on Nandu rasam 
At a flyover we woke in the cold dark coughing 
a dying old lady from Keelakarai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In dirt road we found a Chemical Hot Plate in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. we cooked and dined on Ulli theeyal 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Manipol 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Anna Salai. we have never been here before 
Raided Anna university campus with GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance. We found Mundhiri Kothu and Irradiated Water. I advised them to ration their foods 
a poor young boy from Ambur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Met fans of Easwari Rao. we cooked and dined on Agathi keerai poriyal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Kovilambakkam. we have never been here before 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to நாளை நமதே. they are scared 
Malavika fan club have taken over Alwarthirunagar 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Old Admiral. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Andrea Jeremiah 
Vijayalakshmi fandom now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam. They seek coil of barbed wire 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken 65 
What woke me up today was the sound of மெண்டல் மனதில் playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
weird looking bearded man from Thiruverkadu asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vedhika. wished them better things 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha FZ-S FI 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
What woke me up today was the sound of வினையாலே வந்த தீமை playing in distance. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
camped at Makk Bhajji Shop and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Seven Samurai DVD 
Courtallam is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gayathrie. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
In the highest ground we found a 3 ft of Rope in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Kuzhithurai. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Kattivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive Samuthrakani is one and only messiah 
I considered eating Seeraga samba chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. could be a decoy 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Catherine Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Muppet Treasure Island DVD 
There is an increasing amount of demand for aasai choclate 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
It took two days to cross Peters Road. feeling half faint and tired 
raided Keshav Chaat House in search of Treat Bags. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kausalya 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Scorpio. took a ride around Alapakkam listening to Deva songs  
Drove around Peters Road listening to Anandha Poongatre songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Athulya Ravi 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing கிளையில்லாத மரங்களில். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Found a a stone wall in Noombal. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
Met fans of Lakshmi Menon. filled with immortal times 
camped at Le Royal meridien and had Officers Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
In dried up liver we found a duty jacket in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn briyani 
It took two days to cross Perungalathur. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for carrom board 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Fishermens cove who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
At a nasty lake we noticed cat followed me for three days 
At a the highest ground I spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chitlapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive paint potraits of Ilayaraja 
passed through building in Iyyapanthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Roman reigns 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met fans of Anuya Bhagvath. we cooked and dined on Bitter gourd pitlai 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Crossed a highway and found A burned house. trekked on till almost dark 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Aari action figures 
raided Napiers bridge in search of CD-Rom. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Ethiraj college who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
There is a rumour that Bindu Madhavi fandom now occupies Mayajaal 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nandu masala 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sambar Soru 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to பூங்காற்றே இங்கே. helped them man to their feet  
The Warheads of Walajah road now wander the wasteland of Ennore in search of Sivakarthikeyan bobble heads 
mind was filled with foggy  memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kazhipattur 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for centre fresh 
Monal Naval fandom now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam. They seek Pack of Drill Bits 
Sunaina fan club have taken over Kilpauk 
Crossed a long hill and found garden shed. made a last tour of the place 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Meenambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for AR Rahman 
Sitting back to back and watching the forest. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Minjur 
A girl from Karaikudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal. that is definitely a bait 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a An old doghouse. entered from on the far side 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Ennore. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who advocates of something called democracy 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Egmore 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mansion house. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
It took two days to cross Anna Nagar. If only my heart were stone 
At a dried up liver I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Arrived at Kamaraj Memorial House. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Travelling with girlfriend to Tharamani. We stayed off the road as we hear Vetrimaran veriyans are out in full force 
Ran out of TOW II Targeting Chip. Time to join The Deviants 
I want to visit Pudukkottai and Coutrallam Falls someday 
Oracles of Roman reigns now wander the wasteland of Vandalur in search of Ritika Singh bobble heads 
passed through building in Foreshore Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mammootty fandom 
I want to visit Bhavani and Kuppanatham Dam someday 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Papua New Guinea. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met fans of Bindu Madhavi. we cooked and dined on Kadalai paruppu paayasam 
I want to visit Pammal and Perumpallam Dam someday 
At a barren land I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
passed through building in Ambattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by False Prophet Gang 
when I find spear I will go visit Karpaka Vinayakar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன் பார்வையில் ஓராயிரம் playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At the edge of Vyasarpadi we sat in the Xylo to rest. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near DMS Annex Buildings who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
There is a rumour that Sanghavi fandom now occupies Agasthiyar Falls 
Met fans of Nithya Menen. we cooked and dined on Chow chow poriyal 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton Biriyani 
Ran out of Fission Battery. Time to join Scion of SA Rajkumar 
At the edge of George Town we sat in the Renault Triber Wagon to rest. I live like an animal 
I considered eating types of vadai. desperate time desperate measures 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
raided T nagar AGS in search of Great Gatsby. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . entered from on the far side 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
camped at Express avenue and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Chisel in a An old doghouse 
raided Siruseri tech park in search of Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sheela Rajkumar 
Vattaparai Falls is filled with Radioactive sludge according to a survivor I met today 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Visited Sholavaram. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
when I find Panzerschreck I will go visit Sivaganga Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I want to visit Ambur and Government Museum, Pudukkottai someday 
I want to visit Gudiyatham and Agasthiyar Falls someday 
spotted hostile members of Dindiugal Brotherhood near Thiruvarangam. girlfriend asked me to hold small electric generator buried under rubble and readied her Luger pistol 
Ran out of “Thriller” Disk. Time to join Mount Road madmen 
Fans of Hariharan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. intrusive other memories 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
The Elder Order of Eldams road now wander the wasteland of Arcot Road in search of Sangita bobble heads 
Drove around Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road listening to Navarathinam songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met a a dying old lady singing தூங்காத விழிகள். wished them luck 
I was near Madras war cementary but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Drove around Parrys Corner listening to Aaha Kalyanam songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
mind was filled with same encyclopedic memories. no sign of life around 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shalini 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Park Town. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kayalpattinam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Manisha Koirala. Told I wont hurt them. 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Mandaveli. we have never been here before 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Washermanpet 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Tindivanam. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Raided Raj Bhavan  with Old Ruins Federation. We found Mundhiri Kothu and old rusted lunchbox. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Iyyapanthangal. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
There is a rumour that Sasikumar fandom now occupies Narasimhaswamy 
Arrived at Anna nagar tower park. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Piaa Bajpai fandom now wander the wasteland of Nesapakkam. They seek Copper Tubing  Meters 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is A. R. Rahman 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
passed through building in Ayanavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nandita Swetha 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Mettur Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
when I find spear I will go visit VOC Park Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
raided Connemara public library in search of Remains of the Day (Kazuo Ishiguro). realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A boy from Arakkonam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ullakaarvi. handed them a cane 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Saidapet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive paint potraits of Ilayaraja 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for tv 
passed through building in Broadway that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madurai madmen 
camped at Pallavaram yaa moihdeen and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
Drove around Royapettah listening to Puthiya mugam songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
sitting patiently at outskirts of ICF there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Willbur a legendary singer 
passed through building in Arumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Keerthy Suresh fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Camped at a scary woods in Pudupet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kilpauk 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Followers of the Tendulkar now wander the wasteland of Choolai in search of Meena bobble heads 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Rapid. took a ride around Chennai Bypass listening to Unnai Ninaithu songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. could be a decoy 
Passed through a river  and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . rummaged through the outsides 
Found a An old doghouse in Aminjikarai. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who favor a fairly simple life 
a dying old lady from Coimbatore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kasthuri. helped them man to their feet  
spotted hostile members of The Warheads of Walajah road near DPI Complex. girlfriend asked me to hold Medical File and readied her Garand rifle 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Neelankarai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Vetrimaran has established a north madras like city in himalayas 
Sid Sriram fan club have taken over T. Nagar 
Travelling with girlfriend to Thuraipakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   are out in full force 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Raided marina beach with CSK revival cult. We found Urulai podimaas and boots. I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in K.K. Nagar. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TNSTC Bus. took a ride around Rajaji Salai, Chennai listening to Thirumathi Palanisami songs  
Raj Bhavan  is full of nuclear reactor fuel. looks stripped and plundered  
Visited Pudupet. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Drove around Mount Road listening to Kannan En Kadhalan songs. It was getting dark fast 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pazhavanthangal. walked the littered streets carefully 
Arrived at Anna nagar starbucks. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Gaana Bala fandom now wander the wasteland of Iyyapanthangal. They seek Cash Register Drawer 
mind was filled with obscure and painful memories. shaking uncontrollably 
It took two days to cross Puthagaram. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
hurt old man from Maduravoyal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Hariharan. that is definitely a bait 
Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
guindy national park is full of Radioactive waste. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Laos. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Palavakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. rummaged through the outsides 
False Prophet Gang now wander the wasteland of Sithalapakkam in search of Kausalya bobble heads 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
At the edge of Kazhipattur we sat in the MINI CLUBMAN Wagon to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
raided Theosophical society in search of Back to the Future DVD. trekked on till almost dark 
It took two days to cross Arcot Road. Motionless and precise 
It took two days to cross Mogappair. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a A burned house. sat on the embankment and waited	 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Divya Spandana 
Drove around Choolaimedu listening to Naan Sirithal songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
passed through building in Neelankarai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Baradwaj rangan 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Dharmapuri. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near George town who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
At a forest we made a last tour of the place 
Crossed a muddy road and found abandoned dumpyard. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour that Madhumitha fandom now occupies Suruli Falls 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tondiarpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive occupies McDonalds outlets and turn them into outposts 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Poondu theeyal 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance now wander the wasteland of Villivakkam in search of Prathyusha bobble heads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Roja 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a A burned house. could hear a slack drip of water 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manali there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim thousands of mutant Mysskin clones roam all around siberia 
mind was filled with haunting memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . There were signs in hippy language 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Nanmangalam. we have never been here before 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Ghana. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Vyasarpadi listening to Eeram songs  
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Santhome search who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Camped at a scary woods in St.Thomas Mount. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to What a Karavad 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Raai Laxmi 
Dulquer Salmaan fan club have taken over Kodungaiyur 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Teynampet 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
A girl from Ambasamudram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mukkadal Dam. they think we are not real 
Olakkannesvara Temple is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Ramavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Goundamani Union 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaaramani poriyal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Coffee 
mind was filled with poignant and pungent memories. I live like an animal 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sanghavi. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
camped at Madras war cementary and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Palau. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking varieties of Mixture 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Heights 
At a metro station we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Fans of Nithya Menen kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. haunting memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Tamannaah 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
weird looking bearded man from Kovilpatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
 hurt old lady from Panruti asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anuradha Sriram. that is definitely a bait 
What woke me up today was the sound of டப்பாங்குத்து பாட்டுக்கொரு playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met fans of Parvathy. filled with hideous and nightmarish memories 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
In long hill we found a squeezable water bottle with a taped on label that says Miscellaneous Body Fluids in a An old doghouse 
raided L.L.A. Buildings in search of beauty. everything is just motionless and gray 
Drove around Pulianthope listening to Sukran songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Visited Nanganallur. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Fans of Shalini kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distasteful miserable memories 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Nungambakkam High Road. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who build statues for samuthrakani 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Tirumangalam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Kamaraj Memorial House who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ambur Biriyani 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Pulsar 150 
A man begging for food from Kanchipuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I considered eating Cumin rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
camped at Valluvar Kottam and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
passed through building in Nandanam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anand fandom 
I want to visit Thanjavur and Kuppanatham Dam someday 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kulithalai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I considered eating Pasi Paruppu Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Fans of Vedhika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim  memories 
Met fans of Devi Sri Prasad. we cooked and dined on Spicy Vanjaram fry 
Met a Journalist who claimed he knew the location of Anandhi 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a a stone wall. sat there and ate leftovers 
Courtallam is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mumtaz lives in Kumarakottam Temple 
It took two days to cross Thiruvotriyur. It is better to be alone 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Chennai. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Ran out of Guitar. Time to join Neo-Bigilism republic 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. Maybe should go take a look 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Sri Lanka. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sangita action figures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Vijayalakshmi 
Ran out of Pickled Fetus. Time to join Sect of Anna university affliated alumni 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly rogue waves. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Pranitha fandom now wander the wasteland of Perumbakkam. They seek Broken Psychic Dampner 
It took two days to cross Mount-Poonamallee Road. I live like an animal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus NX 300H LUXURY. took a ride around Pammal listening to Saguni songs  
weird looking bearded man from Tiruvallur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Divya Bharthi. helped them man to their feet  
It took two days to cross Vallalar Nagar. everything is just dim and shapeless 
camped at Fort St. George (India) and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
raided CMWSSB Buildings in search of colored drinks that ancients called pespi. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met fans of Bhumika Chawla. filled with incredible peripheral memories 
Met fans of Trisha. filled with few ironic memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of கருணை மகன் playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Drove around Thiruvotriyur listening to Rettai Vaal Kuruvi songs. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
mind was filled with hazy memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bible 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
There is a rumour that Piaa Bajpai fandom now occupies Hogenakkal Eco Tourism 
I was near Poomalai Commercial Complex but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Id give them half of my food 
Crossed a crossroads and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At the edge of Adambakkam we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Visited Vadapalani. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to சிறு சிறு உறவுகள். helped them man to their feet  
Crossed a a barn and found A burned house. everything is just motionless and gray 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rambha action figures 
Shanmuganathi Dam is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
A scavenger from Periyasemur a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
passed through building in Vanagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vedhika fandom 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Alwarpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nazriya Nazim 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai paniyaaram 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Camped at a scary woods in Manali. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I considered eating Vendaikkaai kaara kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Amy Jackson 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Arvind Swamy action figures 
Fans of Karikalan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. deepest and oldest memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Pulsar. took a ride around Sardar Patel Road listening to Mambattiyan songs  
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
Found a scary graveyard in Choolaimedu. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who build statues for Ilayaraja 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in SETC Ultra deluxe 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Stella marys college who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
passed through building in Broadway that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anju Aravind fandom 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
passed through building in Parrys Corner that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dulquer Salmaan fandom 
We arrived at the outskirts of Manali New Town the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mudichur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive only wear clothing that says cuppu mukkiyam bigiley 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Keelkattalai in search of Mammootty bobble heads 
There is a rumour that Manisha Koirala fandom now occupies Poigai Dam 
mind was filled with foggy  memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chandini Tamilarasan action figures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Wall Tax Road. we have never been here before 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Central Square. we have never been here before 
hurt old man from Tiruvannamalai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At the edge of Tondiarpet we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
It took two days to cross Mint Street. feeling half faint and tired 
mind was filled with accurate and retentive memories. Motionless and precise 
Arrived at Ripon building. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
A scavenger told me he beleives Dulquer Salmaan lives in Erumbeeswarar Temple 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ennore. We stayed off the road as we hear Sholinganallur Syndicate are out in full force 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. they think we are not real 
when I find coastal artillery I will go visit Vattakottai Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sonia Agarwal 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Madras war cementary who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
Alsa mall is full of unexploded deadly bombs . passed through the site 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ayanavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive kills anyone that doesnt agree Sura is the greatest movie of all time 
It took two days to cross St.Thomas Mount. had a bad dream 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Bracelets 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Harish Kalyan fandom now wander the wasteland of Tiruverkadu. They seek Hand Bell 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kottivakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of dogs 
Met fans of Priya Anand. filled with maddeningly nebulous memories 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. Motionless and precise 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Samantha 
passed through building in Puthagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mammootty fandom 
Shanthanu Bhagyaraj fandom now wander the wasteland of Madambakkam. They seek Telephone Reciever 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Rapid. took a ride around Sardar Patel Road listening to Kai Kodukkum Kai songs  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Feeling sad. barren, silent and merciless 
camped at Hemanth Chats and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
when I find Explosives I will go visit Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of aid kit. Time to join New Start Federation 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Jyothika 
Arrived at Siruseri tech park. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Vijayalakshmi fandom now wander the wasteland of Mugalivakkam. They seek Empty Snowglobe 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Madras war cementary who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Tiruvallur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met fans of Sangita. we cooked and dined on Nenju elumbu soup 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a a stone wall. Maybe should go take a look 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Kattivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
A scavenger from Thuraiyur hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank bagpiper. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A woman from Coimbatore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit St. Mary's Church, Chennai. that is definitely a bait 
There is a rumour that Tabu fandom now occupies Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Xylo 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Laila 
A young boy with a good voice from Namakkal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Suriya. Told I wont hurt them. 
Camped at a desolate barn in Nesapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. cold daylight fell through  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mansion house. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pazham Paniyaram 
Drove around Nungambakkam listening to Kanni Thaai songs. It was getting dark fast 
I considered eating Sambar Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Agasthiyar Falls is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Subway who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shalini 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Suriya 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Arrived at Burma bazzar Atho Man. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Sattur. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vijayalakshmi lives in Ganesha Ratha 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Panama. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
At a MTC bus stop I hiked back down to the highway 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to நேருக்கு நேராய் வரட்டும். they are scared 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nanmangalam. We stayed off the road as we hear Tnagar terrors are out in full force 
High court building is full of Radioactive waste. decided to camped there 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Kattupakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Manthra 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
At the edge of Madambakkam we sat in the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Abirami mall who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for The Hobbit 
A young boy with a good voice from Devakottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Drove around Kattupakkam listening to Captain songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Sandhya 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sonia Agarwal action figures 
Found a a stone wall in Foreshore Estate. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
Found a a stone wall in Adambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive Samuthrakani is one and only messiah 
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Pallipalayam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
It took two days to cross Mangadu. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Fans of Gayathrie kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distant and fond memories 
when I find Garand rifle I will go visit Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Samoa. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Passed through a river  and came upon a a roadside garage. rummaged through the outsides 
Drove around Wallajah Road listening to Desiya Geetham songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found a roadside garage. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I was near Keshav Chaat House but couldnt see it due to Acidic Mammatus Clouds 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
What woke me up today was the sound of காதலிக்க கற்றுக் கொள்ளுங்கள் playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Fans of Atharvaa kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. awful and rancid memories 
passed through building in Kodambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Taapsee Pannu fandom 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
Passed through a barn and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . looks stripped and plundered  
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Classic 350 
A scavenger told me he beleives Srushti Dange lives in Poigai Dam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Classic 350 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Smith Road 
Met fans of Amala Paul. we cooked and dined on Coffee 
At a field  I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Pistah 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I was near Poomalai Commercial Complex but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madhavaram the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Sangeetha fan club have taken over Pattabiram 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Spandana 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Surya sivakumar near Hilton. girlfriend asked me to hold axe and readied her longbow 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Noombal 
Ran out of frame with a black and white photograph. Time to join Myskkin Brotherhood 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Activa 6G 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Muttai aviayal 
At the edge of Ashok Nagar we sat in the Bajaj M80 to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Drove around Thiruneermalai listening to Thaai Sollai Thattadhe songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Raided Anna university campus with The tribe of Trichy . We found Aval paayasam and Empty Grenade. I advised them to ration their foods 
when I find hand-to-hand combat weapons I will go visit Cuddalore Government Museum and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with happily treacherous memories. If only my heart were stone 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vimal 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There are no tracks in the mud around 
raided Ezhilagam in search of The Good the Bad and the Ugly DVD. noticed dog followed us for two days 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Jafferkhanpet. we have never been here before 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Perunchani Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Laila 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Weight checking machine 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Adyar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around Ramavaram listening to Kalyanaraman songs  
A scavenger told me he beleives Monica lives in Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai 
A girl from Sankarankoil told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore). let me just mind my buisness 
Met a Flight attendant who claimed he knew the location of Andrea Jeremiah 
A scavenger from Manali a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken sukka 
Prathyusha fandom now wander the wasteland of Puzhal. They seek Personal Sized Safe 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around Nesapakkam listening to Minnale songs  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
I was near DMS Compound but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. Maybe should go take a look 
Visited Thirumangalam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi. took a ride around Virugambakkam listening to Kasi songs  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra MOJO 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Monal Naval action figures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Bittu Padam di 
At a empty pond we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a a stone wall. There were signs in hippy language 
At a barren land I noticed dog followed us for two days 
It took two days to cross Tiruvallikeni. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Lost track of what day it is. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
There is an increasing amount of demand for coffee bite 
mind was filled with own meaningful memories. shaking uncontrollably 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gaana Bala. we briefly discussed about old times. deeper and aboriginal memories 
when I find revolver I will go visit Katary Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nivetha Thomas lives in Kalingarayan Anicut 
when I find dagger I will go visit Law's Falls, Coonoor and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Shine 
Found a a roadside garage in Otteri. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who search for Sid Sriram a legendary singer 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
spotted hostile members of Tnagar terrors near Ampa skywalk. girlfriend asked me to hold of zip ties and readied her PETN 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM Duke 200. took a ride around Wall Tax Road listening to Kodi songs  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thengai Soru 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Merasal Arasan 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Naruto manga 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
What woke me up today was the sound of சிக்கு புக்கு சிக்கு playing in distance. had a bad dream 
Raided Leela palace with The Droplets. We found Kollu kozhambu and Pool Ball. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Raangu 
Crossed a muddy road and found a stone wall. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
ITC grand chola is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. sat there and ate leftovers 
Found a A burned house in Sowcarpet. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
Santhome search is full of Radioactive waste. sat on the embankment and waited	 
a poor young boy from Kallakurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kreshna. they are scared 
Crossed a empty pond and found A burned house. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A scavenger told me he beleives Jyothika lives in Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
raided Bharathiyar Illam in search of Catch Me If You Can DVD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to எழு வாய பூக்களே. handed them a cane 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Pranitha 
passed through building in Santhome that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sameera Reddy fandom 
Drove around Virugambakkam listening to Idam Porul Yeval songs. trekked on till almost dark 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a scary woods. looks stripped and plundered  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
A scavenger told me he beleives Abhirami lives in Kutladampatti Falls 
Arrived at Valluvar kottam. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Fans of Mano kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prenatal memories 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
raided Westin in search of Alchemist. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Abhirami action figures 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Kannagi statue who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Ran out of Pocket Watch. Time to join Scion of SA Rajkumar 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sridevi Vijayakumar 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Suriya 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Bahrain. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
passed through building in Fort St. George that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madhumitha fandom 
mind was filled with maddeningly nebulous memories. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Priya Anand fan club have taken over Tharamani 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to பொண்டாட்டி ஒரு பாதி. that is definitely a bait 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero HF Deluxe 
Scion of SA Rajkumar now wander the wasteland of Alapakkam in search of Mohini bobble heads 
when I find dirty bomb I will go visit Katary Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sonia Agarwal 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Radhika Apte 
Thiruvarangam is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for AR Rahman cassettes 
At the edge of Alwarpet we sat in the TNSTC Bus to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I made a last tour of the place 
A scavenger from Thiruthangal a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Fans of Ajith Kumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncommonly retentive memories 
At a a barn I trekked on till almost dark 
Fans of Bhumika Chawla kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. living memories of closed ones 
Met fans of Ilaiyaraaja. filled with supposedly infallible memories 
I was near Kuralagam Buildings but couldnt see it due to smog 
Met a hurt old man singing வெப்பம். let me just mind my buisness 
What woke me up today was the sound of மேக் மேக் மேக்கரீனா playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
camped at Burma bazzar and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
In crossroads we found a with straps and long plastic tubes connected to the sides in a An old doghouse 
passed through building in Chepauk that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nikhila Vimal fandom 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line 
Feastinn  is full of nuclear reactor fuel. could hear a slack drip of water 
mind was filled with immortal times. should just curse god and stop existing 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Avadi. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
camped at Egmore station and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Tiruvallikeni listening to Ullathai Allitha songs  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Poonamallee. we have never been here before 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Maduranthakam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of Prashanth 
I considered eating Egg in thick coconut milk gravy. desperate time desperate measures 
I want to visit Thirupparankundram and Karpaka Vinayakar Temple someday 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vadapalani. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of SA Rajkumar are out in full force 
raided Kuralagam Buildings in search of super mario game. trekked on till almost dark 
passed through building in Arumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Salem 
spotted hostile members of Amjikarai Armageddons near Tufidco Powerfin Tower. girlfriend asked me to hold Bag of Gunpowder and readied her M16 rifle 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Tirunelveli. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Dinesh fandom now wander the wasteland of Anna Nagar. They seek Tattered Scarf 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Chinna yana 
Vidharth fan club have taken over Chennai Bypass 
spotted hostile members of Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda near Sathyam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold axe and readied her dirty bomb 
There is a rumour that Raai Laxmi fandom now occupies Kumbakkarai Falls 
Raided Express avenue with Oracles of Surya sivakumar. We found Thattu vadai and Firehose Nozzle. I advised them to ration their foods 
Passed through highway and came upon a garden shed. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Crossed a highway and found abandoned dumpyard. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kalaiyarasan lives in Perunchani Dam 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a aluminum houses. Maybe should go take a look 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Minjur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in KTM Duke 200 
Ran out of Magnet. Time to join The Last of lemurians 
raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building in search of American History X DVD. It was getting dark fast 
A girl from Tiruvarur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Madras Motor Race Track. let me just mind my buisness 
Anmol Mohit Lassi is full of Automobile Debris. walked up to find any tracks 
I want to visit Chengalpattu and Fort Dansborg someday 
A man begging for food from Karur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sameera Reddy. could be a decoy 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
I was near Vandalur zoo but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
At the edge of Alwarthirunagar we sat in the Hero Passion Pro to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mint Street 
I was near Valluvar Kottam but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Met a Paramedic who claimed he knew the location of Chandini Tamilarasan 
Raided Connemara Public Library with The Thoothukudi Fallen. We found Coffee and Drinking Glass. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met fans of Haricharan. filled with back distant memories 
mind was filled with accurate and retentive memories. feeling half faint and tired 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to தடுக்காதே என்னை தடுக்காதே. could be a decoy 
Drove around Vandalur listening to Jaihind 2 songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to திறக்காத காட்டுக்குள்ளே. they are scared 
I was near GRT grand but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
a poor young boy from Avaniapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Visited Selaiyur. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Mettupalayam. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Feeling sad. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Drove around Nolambur listening to Aayirathil Oruvan songs. made a last tour of the place 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Montenegro. They left today morning and I am lonely. I live like an animal 
Arrived at Ramanujan IT park. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
I want to visit Bhavani and Tamukkam Ground someday 
Arrived at Burma bazzar Atho Corner. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is a rumour that Shruti Haasan	 fandom now occupies Thalaiyar Falls 
There is an increasing amount of demand for 12 Angry Men DVD 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shruthi Ramakrishnan 
Drove around Iyyapanthangal listening to Saaho songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
A scavenger from Pollachi hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Crossed a crossroads and found scary graveyard. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Manapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alwarthirunagar the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
Singaravelar Maligai is full of Sickly fog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
At the edge of Alapakkam we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a Chef who claimed he knew the location of Amy Jackson 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero HF Deluxe 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Trinidad and Tobago. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. barren, silent and merciless 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
What woke me up today was the sound of தொட்டால் பூ மலரும் playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Annanur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for 7up 
Passed through barren land and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. looks stripped and plundered  
raided Marine Beach Road in search of Lion King. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya 
Passed through barren land and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. looks stripped and plundered  
raided Jannal Kadai in search of pepsi. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
It took two days to cross Chintadripet. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Egmore. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who dress up as anthropomorphics and other strange-looking characters 
I want to visit Dharmapuri and Thanjavur Maratha Palace someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Prawn briyani 
Fans of Kathir kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest other memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pallavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship vadivelu 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Malta. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I was near Raghavendra mandapam but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Drove around Pozhichalur listening to Mugamoodi songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Crossed a a river  and found scary graveyard. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Arrived at N V Natarajan Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Anna Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
 hurt old lady from Velampalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sameera Reddy. handed them some choclates 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Soya kozhambu 
I want to visit Arakkonam and Coutrallam Falls someday 
Visited Vadapalani. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pastel tubes 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met a a poor young boy singing செல்வமே ஒரே முறை. they are scared 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a garden shed. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Jannal Kadai who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Met fans of Sheela Rajkumar. we cooked and dined on Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhavana 
camped at Kalathi Newspaper Mart and had bagpiper. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
There is a rumour that Sai Dhanshika fandom now occupies Kodaganar Dam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
A hurt old man tried to attack me. shaking uncontrollably 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nithya Menen 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Id give them half of my food 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Hawaii. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nivetha Pethuraj lives in Poigai Dam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. that is definitely a bait 
Ran out of Gas Mask Filter. Time to join Selvaraghavan syndicate 
At the edge of Madhavaram we sat in the TVS Apache RTR 160 to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a scary graveyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
At a train station I trekked on till almost dark 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked AdaiThakkali Soru 
Crossed a round about and found A burned house. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Kambam. It was getting dark fast 
spotted hostile members of Dindiugal Brotherhood near Statue of Labour. girlfriend asked me to hold Compass and readied her bola 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing அழகூரில் பூத்தவளே. they think we are not real 
A man from Sattur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram. handed them a cane 
passed through building in Perungudi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sheela Rajkumar fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
Visited Kazhipattur. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sheela Rajkumar 
I was near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai but couldnt see it due to Acidic rain 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Armenia. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Travelling with girlfriend to Royapettah. We stayed off the road as we hear Wolves of Otteri are out in full force 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There are no tracks in the mud around 
a dying old lady from Pudukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chepauk the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Priyamani 
Anand fandom now wander the wasteland of Basin Bridge. They seek Cloth Tape Measure 
Met a A man begging for food singing ஆடுவது உடலுக்கு விளையாட்டு. handed them some choclates 
Sitting back to back and watching the forest. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallavaram 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing மலரும் வான் நிலவும். that is definitely a bait 
Met fans of Vasundhara Kashyap. filled with retentive and ready memories 
I considered eating Kozhakkattai. desperate time desperate measures 
Raided TNHB Shopping Complex with Coimbatore Confiderates. We found Ratha poriyal and Brocken Wall Clock. I advised them to ration their foods 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
mind was filled with vague sketchy memories. I look really skinny 
passed through building in Keelkattalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ex-IT exodus  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Karikalan action figures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. they are scared 
At a the highest ground I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Drove around Pallikaranai listening to Manthiri Kumari songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram is filled with Radioactive sludge according to a survivor I met today 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Kurichi. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
At a dried up liver I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Abhirami 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. entered from on the far side 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Pozhichalur listening to 24 songs  
It took two days to cross Royapettah. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Priya Anand 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Pulsar RS200 
I was near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Uthungada sangu 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Guinea. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a a poor young boy singing சிவ தாண்டவம். that is definitely a bait 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Chitlapakkam listening to Arangetram songs  
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to சந்தனக்கிளியே செண்பக பூவே. wished them luck 
Nivetha Thomas fan club have taken over Shenoy Nagar 
Found a An old doghouse in Sithalapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
Met a A man begging for food singing திருமணமாம் திருமணமாம். Told I wont hurt them. 
Fans of Samuthirakani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unforgettable memories 
Visited Parrys Corner. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton kuzhambu 
A scavenger from Coonoor A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Turkmenistan. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ratha poriyal 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Cheyyar told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Malavika 
There is a rumour that Monica fandom now occupies Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple 
A boy from Erode told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sengupathi Falls. could be a decoy 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madipakkam the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Erode asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Amala Paul. handed them a cane 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nandanam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive debate a religious schism over whether the Ilayaraja or Samuthrakani is the true messiah 
Reema Sen fan club have taken over Mount Road 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pozhichalur 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha YZF R15 V3 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a deserted supermarket. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
A young boy with a good voice from Tiruppathur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Radhika Apte. let me just mind my buisness 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Bahamas. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ajmal Ameer lives in Courtallam 
spotted hostile members of Tribe of Tharamani near Sathyam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Leaf Blower and readied her revolver 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
At a dirt road I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
mind was filled with scant awful memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
Ran out of Skeleton Mask. Time to join Mount Road madmen 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kilpauk the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Thalapakkatti chicken biryani 
Visited Choolai. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A scavenger from Periyakulam a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is a rumour that Pranitha fandom now occupies Karanthai 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to உனக்குள்ளே மிருகம். handed them a cane 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing Surviva. could be a decoy 
Passed through metro station and came upon a desolate barn. passed through the site 
raided Thendral Valaagam in search of Apocalypse Now DVD. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perambur. We stayed off the road as we hear Kovilpatti Coalition are out in full force 
mind was filled with horrible unconscious memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Urundai kozhambu 
What woke me up today was the sound of சொடக்கு மேல playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki Tour S 
Raided Valluvar kottam with SVCE syndicate. We found Thalapakkatti chicken biryani and Bottle of Antivenom. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. could be a decoy 
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Anna Salai. everything is just motionless and gray 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a desolate barn. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
In empty pond we found a Barbers Clips in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
At a dried up liver we trekked on till almost dark 
I was near Anjapper but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
passed through building in Pallavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tamannaah fandom 
It took two days to cross Chepauk. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Madhavaram. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Aatukkal paaya 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vedhika lives in Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
I considered eating Vatha kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Varaha Cave Temple is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Arun Vijay 
we sat by the side of the Chennai Suburban Railway station and ate the last of the Sweet seedai 
Travelling with girlfriend to Moolakadai. We stayed off the road as we hear SRM boyzz are out in full force 
A boy from Paramakudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gass Forest Museum. handed them some choclates 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pakkam the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sanghavi 
Sothuparai Dam is filled with Aeroplane debris according to a survivor I met today 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Ashok Nagar. we have never been here before 
At a the highest ground I walked the littered streets carefully 
Visited Royapuram. made a last tour of the place 
I was near Ethiraj college but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
Met fans of Soundarya. we cooked and dined on Chicken Chinthamani 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for David Copperfield 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruvotriyur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Camped at a garden shed in Basin Bridge. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Siruseri tech park is full of Dioxin wastes. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Id give them half of my food 
Met fans of Vignesh. we cooked and dined on Idli 
At a empty pond I trekked on till almost dark 
There is a rumour that Nikhila Vimal fandom now occupies Olakkannesvara Temple 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijayalakshmi 
passed through building in Chintadripet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kiran Rathod fandom 
Sneha fandom now wander the wasteland of Thiruvanmiyur. They seek Tool Belt 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kodambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, I look really skinny 
Travelling with girlfriend to Jafferkhanpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Followers of the Tendulkar are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they are scared 
passed through building in Perumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arun Vijay fandom 
What woke me up today was the sound of மோனா மோனா playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
What woke me up today was the sound of துப்பாக்கி எங்கள் playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Reema Sen fan club have taken over Manapakkam 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. It is better to be alone 
High court building is full of Radioactive waste. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is a rumour that Sivakarthikeyan fandom now occupies Vaideki Falls 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Minjur 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly rogue waves. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Athulya Ravi 
At a nasty lake I spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Cholamandalam arts vilage is full of Volcanic lava. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Wallajah Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Visited Raj Bhavan. walked the littered streets carefully 
camped at Aavin Illam and had Hennessy. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharmapuri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nayanthara. that is definitely a bait 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Chepauk listening to Unnai Solli Kutramillai songs  
At a dirt road I walked the littered streets carefully 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ardbeg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Samantha. we briefly discussed about old times. standard and average memories 
Met fans of Samuthirakani. filled with deeper and aboriginal memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
spotted hostile members of Wolves of Otteri near Government Museum. girlfriend asked me to hold mask and readied her sword 
when I find cannon I will go visit Ayyanar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Dharmaraja Ratha is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at Chennai central. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Ran out of Pull-String Talking Doll. Time to join The badass cult of Bodinayakanur 
passed through building in Ambattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sivakarthikeyan fandom 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vasundhara Kashyap. we briefly discussed about old times. precious boyish memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Washermanpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they are scared 
At a dried up liver I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a aluminum houses. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Madhoo. we briefly discussed about old times. wistful memories 
passed through building in Adambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
I considered eating Milagu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
raided Subway in search of Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Travelling with girlfriend to Cenotaph Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Vadivel Syndicate are out in full force 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Abbas 
It took two days to cross Chitlapakkam. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Taapsee Pannu fandom 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Kuniyamuthur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
At a field  I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
It took two days to cross Aminjikarai. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for centre shock 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MTC Bus 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Thiruvannamalai. It was getting dark fast 
Met a a begging old lady singing புதுப்புது வழி அது. let me just mind my buisness 
There is an increasing amount of demand for pepsi 
Fans of Trisha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
a poor young boy from Kallakurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mano. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Sethupathi 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. hiked back down to the highway 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Antigua and Barbuda. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I was near IIT campus but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Shadow of the Wind – Carlos Ruiz Zafon 
Thanjavur Maratha Palace is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a SETC Ultra deluxe. took a ride around Koyambedu listening to Thillu Mullu 2 songs  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alandur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
passed through building in Perungalathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Lawless tambarams 
Ran out of Gambling Dice Set (Weighted). Time to join Amjikarai Armageddons 
Passed through long hill and came upon a desolate barn. Maybe should go take a look 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha FZ-S FI 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Iyyapanthangal. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Paal kozhukattai 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Aminjikarai listening to Kaanchi Thalaivan songs  
It took two days to cross Ayanavaram. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met fans of Suriya. we cooked and dined on Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tharamani. We stayed off the road as we hear Gathering of the Virgin are out in full force 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Trisha. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vikram 
Found a a roadside garage in Ramavaram. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Adyar. we have never been here before 
Met a Psychologist who claimed he knew the location of Nagma 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of A. R. Rahman 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ashok Nagar 
Anna university campus is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. passed through the site 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Poondu kozhambu 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vendhaya keerai kadalai poriyal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Anna Nagar. we have never been here before 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai korma 
Arrived at NPKRR Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Prashanth action figures 
What woke me up today was the sound of இறைவா என் இறைவா playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I was near KFC but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
In muddy road we found a Jeans (stonewashed) in a godown covered with ash and dust 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
raided Park Hyatt in search of 7up. hiked back down to the highway 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near CMDA Towers who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nungambakkam High Road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
when I find sabre I will go visit Manimuthar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Nagma fandom now wander the wasteland of Thiruneermalai. They seek Religious Talisman 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nikki Galrani 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a Flight attendant who claimed he knew the location of Suvaluxmi 
mind was filled with incredible peripheral memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a Judge who claimed he knew the location of Regina Cassandra 
Drove around Mudichur listening to Siraichalai songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
when I find Big Bertha I will go visit Chepauk Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
Arrived at Express avenue. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Chetpet lake who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near marina beach who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a a small hill. could hear a slack drip of water 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to சின்ன வயசுல. they are scared 
Oracles of Salem now wander the wasteland of Basin Bridge in search of Remya Nambeesan bobble heads 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nungambakkam High Road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
Visited Kattupakkam. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is an increasing amount of demand for contra video game 
There is a rumour that Reema Sen fandom now occupies Agasthiyar Falls 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Kuwait. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Lion King 
Paragons of Kamalhasan now wander the wasteland of Gopalapuram in search of Ranjitha bobble heads 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found An old doghouse. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met a Teacher who claimed he knew the location of Aari 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mogappair. We stayed off the road as we hear Pure blood poraligal are out in full force 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Belarus. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kolathur 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a garden shed. could hear a slack drip of water 
a begging old lady from Madhavaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Appy fizz 
It took two days to cross Basin Bridge. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a desolate barn. Maybe should go take a look 
passed through building in Whites Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajmal Ameer fandom 
Heera Rajgopal fan club have taken over Thiruvanmiyur 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Park Town. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Tambaram. walked the littered streets carefully 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. barren, silent and merciless 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Saravanan	. we briefly discussed about old times. also sunny memories 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found old batboard smokehouse. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
In a barn we found a Ball Gag in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kudaimilagaai milagu poriyal 
Met a Mechanic who claimed he knew the location of Meena 
Met fans of Andrea Jeremiah. we cooked and dined on Murukku 
mind was filled with hazy memories. Motionless and precise 
Ran out of Lawnchair. Time to join Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Chicken 65 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
A man begging for food from Thiruthangal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mano. helped them man to their feet  
A woman from Nagapattinam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mel Sithamur Jain Math. that is definitely a bait 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing கொலம்பஸ் கொலம்பஸ். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mohini. we briefly discussed about old times. deeper and aboriginal memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. handed them a cane 
Ran out of Toy Car. Time to join Oracles of Salem 
The Droplets now wander the wasteland of Adyar in search of Jayaram bobble heads 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Park Town. we have never been here before 
A girl from Tirunelveli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirparappu. wished them luck 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Scorpio. took a ride around Chepauk listening to Billa (2007) songs  
Met a Paramedic who claimed he knew the location of Bobby Simha 
We arrived at the outskirts of Choolaimedu the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met fans of Rakul Preet Singh. we cooked and dined on Thengai Soru 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to விண்ணில் விண்மீன் ஆயிரம். Told I wont hurt them. 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
camped at Radisson blu and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. air is growing thin each passing day 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ganesh Venkatraman lives in Draupadi Ratha 
Fans of Prabhu Deva kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. catchy memories 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anjali 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Maduravoyal. noticed cat followed me for three days 
What woke me up today was the sound of கோகிலா கோகிலா playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met fans of Laila. filled with strong and apprehensive memories 
It took two days to cross Injambakkam. If only my heart were stone 
TNHB Shopping Complex is full of nuclear reactor fuel. passed through the site 
Ran out of Broken Bed. Time to join The Devotee of Dhanush 
A scavenger from Kancheepuram a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Sandhya fandom now wander the wasteland of Manali New Town. They seek Bible 
At a junction I trekked on till almost dark 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Sholinganallur. noticed cat followed me for three days 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vaibhav 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata sumo. took a ride around Thuraipakkam listening to Idhayam songs  
passed through building in Pudupet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kreshna fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Adyar listening to Pichaikkaran songs  
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Malaysia. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Murugan Idli kadai who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
a poor young boy from Kayalpattinam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Aminjikarai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Central Square 
Fans of Rambha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distinct and wondrous memories 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Nandu rasam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Dreher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for blue lays 
Vandalur zoo is full of Automobile Debris. walked up to find any tracks 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
A girl from Udumalaipettai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kiliyur Falls. that is definitely a bait 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. we cooked and dined on Naatu Kozhi kuzhambu 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Drove around Manali New Town listening to Kudiyirundha Koyil songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pongal 
a begging old lady from Thiruthani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Fans of Vijayalakshmi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Bodinayakanur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Crossed a highway and found half burnt neighbourhood. . noticed cat followed me for three days 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a scary woods. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Siruseri tech park who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
I considered eating Vadai. desperate time desperate measures 
In the highest ground we found a Radscorpion Stinger in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
spotted hostile members of Dhoni vizhudhugal near Spencer plaza. girlfriend asked me to hold Garden Hoe and readied her grapeshot 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. Motionless and precise 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapuram the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shreya Ghoshal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Roja lives in Kumarakottam Temple 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near CMBT who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met a hurt old man singing செல்லா நம் வீட்டுக்கு. wished them luck 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI. took a ride around Red Hills listening to Pooveli songs  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Aishwarya Rai 
passed through building in Basin Bridge that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Scion of SA Rajkumar 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Pettai rap 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nandita Swetha 
I was near Chetpet lake but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
when I find cannon I will go visit Tamukkam Ground and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Fans of Manoj Bharathiraja kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
Peoples Temple now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass in search of Anandhi bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Works of Shakespeare 
hurt old man from Pudukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prabhu Deva. wished them luck 
What woke me up today was the sound of டைலமோ டைலமோ playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for board 
camped at Forum viajaya mall and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Ran out of Basic Car Repair Book. Time to join Cult of the Pudhupettai 
passed through building in Mount Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Amy Jackson fandom 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mugalivakkam the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A scavenger from Koothanallur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
I want to visit Kuzhithurai and Adavinainar Dam someday 
A man from Dindigul told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodaganar Dam. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I want to visit Pollachi and Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram someday 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Purasaiwalkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes in something known as Nithyanandas Law 
Catherine Tresa fan club have taken over Pozhichalur 
Spectrum mall is full of Aeroplane debris. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is a rumour that Samantha fandom now occupies Gomukhinadhi Reservoir 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
A scavenger from Punjaipuliampatti A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a hurt old man singing எங்கம்மா மகராசி. Told I wont hurt them. 
a begging old lady from Krishnagiri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nikki Galrani. that is definitely a bait 
A scavenger from Mayiladuthurai hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to ஏதோ மோகம் ஏதோ தாகம். handed them some choclates 
Travelling with girlfriend to Wallajah Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Sethupathy sydnicate are out in full force 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nikki Galrani 
Olakkannesvara Temple is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
We arrived at the outskirts of Nanmangalam the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manali there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive in ancient way of living and rejects all modern things 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to செந்தமிழ் நாட்டு தமிழச்சியே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I want to visit Tiruvottiyur and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) someday 
Servalar dam is filled with Volcanic lava according to a survivor I met today 
spotted hostile members of Samudhrakani worshippers near Siruseri tech park. girlfriend asked me to hold handcuffs and readied her Vulcan automatic cannon 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Teynampet. we have never been here before 
At a dry lake we everything is just motionless and gray 
Ran out of Bottle of Whiskey. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
sitting patiently at outskirts of St.Thomas Mount there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Willbur a legendary singer 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anirudh Ravichander 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
I considered eating Uthappam. desperate time desperate measures 
Visited Kolathur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust devil. feeling half faint and tired 
In empty pond we found a Journal of Chemistry Notes on Jet in a aluminum houses 
spotted hostile members of Ilayaraja worshippers near Raghavendra mandapam. girlfriend asked me to hold Railroad Spike and readied her dirty bomb 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tambaram. We stayed off the road as we hear New Start Federation are out in full force 
A scavenger from Chennai a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thalaseery Biriyani 
Ega theatre is full of Aeroplane debris. rummaged through the outsides 
Fans of Heera Rajgopal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. forgotten thoughts 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Deva. we briefly discussed about old times. astonishingly retentive memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Pistah 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Hawaii. They left today morning and I am lonely. no sign of life around 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pudalangaai poriyal 
passed through building in Pammal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Virugambakkam Venerables 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Appam 
I want to visit Erode and Tamukkam Palace someday 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. just cold and the silence everywhere 
In dirt road we found a Tank of hydrogen in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
A scavenger from Kasipalayam a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
a begging old lady from Tiruppur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sangeetha. could be a decoy 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Villivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kattivakkam. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a Mail carrier who claimed he knew the location of Swathi Reddy 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata ACE 
Met fans of Anjali. we cooked and dined on Muttai thokku 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Roja 
a poor young boy from Madurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shreya Ghoshal. helped them man to their feet  
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for in Wonderland 
Crossed a empty pond and found A burned house. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a deserted supermarket. entered from on the far side 
A scavenger from Narasingapuram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
At a poisonous lake I everything is just motionless and gray 
Old Ruins Federation now wander the wasteland of Kolathur in search of Shanthanu Bhagyaraj bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Monica lives in Papanasam Dam 
It took two days to cross Arcot Road. Everything is gray as my heart 
At the edge of Sholavaram we sat in the Bajaj avenger to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
passed through building in Peters Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mundhiri Kothu 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found An old doghouse. It was getting dark fast 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Velampalayam. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I was near Greams road fruit shop but couldnt see it due to smog 
Fans of Monica kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of தைய தையா தையா playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
mind was filled with unerring official memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
I considered eating Chinna vengaayam poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to பெண் போனால். they think we are not real 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Reema Sen. we briefly discussed about old times. off by heart memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met fans of Chandini Tamilarasan. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen curry 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Anna Salai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive recite poems written by Snehan 
passed through building in Nungambakkam High Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijay Antony fandom 
Vasundhara Kashyap fandom now wander the wasteland of Pulianthope. They seek Rake 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Pettai rap 
Thanjavur Maratha Palace is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at GRT grand. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
In nasty lake we found a of motor oil in a a small hill 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perumbakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there are zombies in coimbatore and they are marching towards chennai 
We arrived at the outskirts of Whites Road the weather is almost unbearable, I look really skinny 
mind was filled with wistful memories. If only my heart were stone 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. shaking uncontrollably 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Meen karutha curry 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Samantha action figures 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat there and ate leftovers 
raided Ega theatre in search of Meal Toys. walked the littered streets carefully 
Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Kodambakkam in search of Madhoo bobble heads 
passed through building in Annanur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bobby Simha fandom 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. handed them some choclates 
Naveen Chandra fan club have taken over Pudupet 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Tiruchirappalli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Taapsee Pannu. wished them better things 
Feeling sad. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Norway. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
A scavenger told me he beleives Nagma lives in Kumarakottam Temple 
Met fans of Heera Rajgopal. we cooked and dined on Pakoda 
Travelling with girlfriend to IIT Madras. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Bigilism republic are out in full force 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Valluvar Kottam who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Met fans of Mumtaz. we cooked and dined on Seedai 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kilpauk. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Neo-Bigilism republic now wander the wasteland of United India Colony in search of Arun Vijay bobble heads 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ரம்பம்பம் ஆரம்பம். let me just mind my buisness 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ஓ தென்றலே. Told I wont hurt them. 
There is a rumour that Rambha fandom now occupies Katary Falls 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing பரோட்டா பரோட்டா. they are scared 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Pistah 
There is a rumour that Sukanya fandom now occupies Servalar dam 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Thirumullaivoyal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
At the edge of Jafferkhanpet we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met fans of Karikalan. we cooked and dined on Pongal 
camped at Karishma Pani Poori shop and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Chengalpattu. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ramavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive in Gangai amaran supremacy 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Adyar 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vidharth 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Pottu Thaaku 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Seeraga samba mutton biryani 
when I find cannon I will go visit Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ajith Kumar fan club have taken over Pudupet 
Passed through a river  and came upon a scary woods. walked up to find any tracks 
Confederacy of Chrompet now wander the wasteland of K.K. Nagar in search of Dulquer Salmaan bobble heads 
Soundarya fandom now wander the wasteland of China Bazaar Road. They seek Cloth Tape Measure 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi. took a ride around Thiruninravur listening to Thuli Visham songs  
Ran out of Bomb Collar (dud). Time to join New Prophet League 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. let me just mind my buisness 
Visited Korukkupet. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
In metro station we found a Broken Garden Gnome in a desolate barn 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Roja 
At a muddy road we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
What woke me up today was the sound of வஞ்சி பொண்ணு playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Comfy Couch 
raided Basin bridge in search of monacco biscuit. It was getting dark fast 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. feeling half faint and tired 
Ran out of radio. Time to join The Neo-Maniratnam order 
At a the highest ground we walked the littered streets carefully 
when I find spear-thrower I will go visit Government Museum, Karur and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A man from Krishnagiri told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Perunchani Dam. handed them some choclates 
Found a a stone wall in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who worship a variety of dogs 
Met fans of Poorna. filled with a trip/walk down memory lane 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Gerugambakkam 
What woke me up today was the sound of யாரோ யார் இவன் playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. wished them luck 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they are scared 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There were signs in hippy language 
Met fans of Sneha. filled with remote warm memories 
Mulberry star Burma Atho shop is full of Radioactive sludge. There are no tracks in the mud around 
I was near Keshav Chaat House but couldnt see it due to smog 
camped at Devi theatre and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
A girl from Thoothukudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aintharuvi. they are scared 
At a dirt road we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A man from Tiruchirappalli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ayyanar Falls. handed them some choclates 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Cb hornet. took a ride around Sowcarpet listening to En Kadamai songs  
Travelling with girlfriend to Pakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Peoples Temple are out in full force 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Kasthuri 
Mukkadal Dam is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Ran out of robe. Time to join Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
A scavenger from Mayiladuthurai hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
In round about we found a Walking Cane (may count as baton) in a abandoned roadworks site 
I want to visit Udumalaipettai and Thalaiyar Falls someday 
passed through building in Alapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ritika Singh fandom 
Birla Planetorium is full of nuclear waste. rummaged through the outsides 
Met fans of Monica. we cooked and dined on Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
I was near guindy national park but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Meenambakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ulli theeyal 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Kumar BGM 
A scavenger from Manali A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A girl from Manali told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Eraniel Palace. could be a decoy 
Priya Anand fandom now wander the wasteland of Avadi. They seek Restaurant Menu 
Coimbatore Confiderates now wander the wasteland of Pozhichalur in search of Prabhu Deva bobble heads 
Kausalya fandom now wander the wasteland of Anna Nagar. They seek Dinner Plate 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Srushti Dange 
Visited China Bazaar Road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
passed through building in Aminjikarai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ganesh Venkatraman fandom 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Arrived at a field . Danced to Potu thaaku… from Kuthu 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Baradwaj rangan near Kuralagam Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Zippo Lighter and readied her Garand rifle 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinjal Sambar 
A young boy with a good voice from Dharapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nivetha Pethuraj. could be a decoy 
I considered eating Arachuvitta sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Keera kadaisal 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Visited Government Estate. hiked back down to the highway 
The Legion of Lemuria now wander the wasteland of Fort St. George in search of Janani Iyer bobble heads 
passed through building in Alapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam 
I considered eating Pazham Paniyaram. desperate time desperate measures 
 hurt old lady from Bhavani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata sumo. took a ride around Rajaji Salai, Chennai listening to Ennavale songs  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
A young boy with a good voice from Hosur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Drove around Kattivakkam listening to Soodhu Kavvum songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vendhaya Keerai sambar 
We arrived at the outskirts of Jafferkhanpet the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
camped at Adyar eco park and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Crossed a long hill and found a stone wall. It was getting dark fast 
Met fans of Vijay. filled with off by heart memories 
a poor young boy from Maraimalainagar told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Anna memorial is full of Sand Dunes. There were signs in hippy language 
Met a hurt old man singing என்னுயிர் காதலி நீ. they are scared 
In MTC bus stop we found a Holorecord (Roll vs Luck for intact) in a scary woods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I was near Nandanam trade centre but couldnt see it due to Acidic Mammatus Clouds 
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Neelankarai 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. they think we are not real 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nutella  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. helped them man to their feet  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. we have never been here before 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Arrived at Panagal park. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Partied all night with a begging old lady from North Macedonia. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Poosani paruppu kootu 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of G. V. Prakash Kumar. we briefly discussed about old times. embarrassingly odd memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
We arrived at the outskirts of Keelkattalai the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Kodambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a a small hill in Broadway. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who advocate learning lost martial arts called Varma Kalai and nokku varmam 
Met fans of Ashok Selvan. we cooked and dined on AdaiThakkali Soru 
Travelling with girlfriend to MKB Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Mutant Mambalam Republic are out in full force 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
Crossed a empty pond and found garden shed. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Wolves of Otteri now wander the wasteland of Park Town in search of Prakash Raj bobble heads 
Raided Vivekanadar illam with Divine Assent of Samudhrakani. We found Thattu vadai and machine parts. I advised them to ration their foods 
sitting patiently at outskirts of United India Colony there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Tiruchirapalli 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pepper rasam 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar RS200. took a ride around Korukkupet listening to Bale Pandiya (1962) songs  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Egg in spicy coconut and tamarind gravy 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Prabhu Deva. we briefly discussed about old times. a memory like a sieve 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Rola cola 
Atharvaa fandom now wander the wasteland of Perungalathur. They seek Broken Portable Generator 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Told I wont hurt them. 
a poor young boy from Thiruthuraipoondi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vineeth. that is definitely a bait 
A boy from Manali told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirparappu. that is definitely a bait 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Ramavaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
It took two days to cross Sithalapakkam. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
passed through building in Pammal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank blenders pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar action figures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Foreshore Estate. we have never been here before 
camped at KFC and had Glenlivet. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met fans of Vignesh. we cooked and dined on Adhirasam 
Sukanya fandom now wander the wasteland of Anna Salai. They seek Kitchen Pot 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Villupuram. walked the littered streets carefully 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Visited Royapuram. everything is just motionless and gray 
What woke me up today was the sound of அச்சம் இல்லை இனி playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is a rumour that Vijay Sethupathi fandom now occupies Padmanabhapuram Palace 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prashanth lives in Chinnakallar Falls 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus LS. took a ride around Pallikaranai listening to 90ml songs  
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a deserted supermarket. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ஈர காத்தே நீ வீசு. let me just mind my buisness 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is a rumour that Prabhu Deva fandom now occupies Gaur Vellaiyan Falls 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. Everything is gray as my heart 
camped at Kannagi statue and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
I was near Anna memorial but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
It took two days to cross Pallavaram. If only my heart were stone 
Met fans of Sangeetha. filled with painful or uncomfortable memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank blenders pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Divya Spandana action figures 
passed through building in Kattivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Parvathy fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Chennai city listening to Mazhai songs  
A scavenger told me he beleives Kasthuri lives in Madras Motor Race Track 
Drove around Selaiyur listening to Jaihind 2 songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
At a poisonous lake I everything is just motionless and gray 
Hyatt regency is full of Automobile Debris. There were signs in hippy language 
In field  we found a Box of Fishing Hooks in a scary graveyard 
passed through building in Chrompet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Rajnikanth 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Moulivakkam. we have never been here before 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Pongal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mice and Men 
A girl from Melur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ganesha Ratha. helped them man to their feet  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
There is a rumour that Anandhi fandom now occupies Aathupalayam Dam 
A girl from Tirunelveli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayajaal. wished them better things 
Karan fandom now wander the wasteland of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. They seek flat head screwdrivers thats bent at a 20 degree angle from the handle 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kalkandu pongal 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dviya action figures 
Arrived at Hilton. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abbas 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Taapsee Pannu action figures 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Connemara public library who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
passed through building in Peerkankaranai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gaana Bala fandom 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangita 
In flyover we found a Religious Talisman in a scary woods 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
passed through building in Teynampet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijay Antony fandom 
I considered eating Muttai thokku. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Broadway that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The order of Velvom 
What woke me up today was the sound of அலையாடும் போலே playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Malavika action figures 
A young boy with a good voice from Mettur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Aliyar Reservoir is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
At a field  I everything is just motionless and gray 
Met fans of Mohini. filled with supposedly infallible memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kodambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kausalya action figures 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Crossed a dirt road and found A burned house. woke in the cold dark coughing 
hurt old man from Thanjavur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found a small hill. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Runner (Khaled Hosseini) 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Perungalathur 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Deva 
Crossed a forest and found aluminum houses. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
District Science Center - Tirunelveli is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
Passed through metro station and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Lakshmi Menon action figures 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Kara Sevu 
At the edge of MGR Nagar we sat in the Hero Passion Pro to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
A woman from Rajapalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Government Museum, Pudukkottai. wished them better things 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Beetroot poriyal 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a a stone wall. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
raided Murugan Idli kadai in search of sony walkman. made a last tour of the place 
spotted hostile members of Paragons of Kamalhasan near Devi theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold A boar-hide nailed to a barndoor and readied her coastal artillery 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a a stone wall. There are no tracks in the mud around 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abbas 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Chennai Police Commissionerate who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Asin 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Thiruthani. made a last tour of the place 
mind was filled with dim  memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
mind was filled with also sunny memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. air is growing thin each passing day 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in United India Colony. we have never been here before 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Pallavaram in search of Anuradha Sriram bobble heads 
weird looking bearded man from Thiruthangal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Laila. wished them better things 
Fort St. George (India) is full of Radioactive sludge. passed through the site 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Serbia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
We arrived at the outskirts of Whites Road the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Reema Sen 
Met fans of Vijay Sethupathi. we cooked and dined on Kaalan kozhambu 
Crossed a dried up liver and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . everything is just motionless and gray 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. There are no tracks in the mud around 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arvind Swamy 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Brazil. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to marame 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing மாணிக்க வீணை ஏந்தும். Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puli pongal 
Gayathrie fandom now wander the wasteland of Red Hills. They seek Swimming Goggles 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Laila. we briefly discussed about old times. off by heart memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Teynampet. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Surya sivakumar are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shoes 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a desolate barn. decided to camped there 
It took two days to cross Valasaravakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Passed through metro station and came upon a deserted supermarket. Maybe should go take a look 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Taapsee Pannu. we briefly discussed about old times. striking and visual memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kajal Aggarwal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Thiruvanmiyur. we have never been here before 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Arcot Road 
Arrived at Kuralagam Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A young boy with a good voice from Erode asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ganesh Venkatraman. wished them luck 
At a dry lake we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A girl from Namakkal told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai. they think we are not real 
Raided Singaravelar Maligai with Virugambakkam Venerables. We found Nethili meen varuval and Clown Mask. I advised them to ration their foods 
It took two days to cross Thiruninravur. Motionless and precise 
At a dry lake I woke in the cold dark coughing 
I was near Siruseri tech park but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Kathivakkam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
It took two days to cross Injambakkam. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
camped at Feastinn  and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
At a MTC bus stop I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Apocalypse Now DVD 
A boy from Madhavaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guru Nanak College Ground. handed them a cane 
a begging old lady from Pollachi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vimal. handed them some choclates 
Found a aluminum houses in Perungudi. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who violently oppose the establishment of Ilayaraja supremacy 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
In field  we found a Bottle of Sun Tan Oil in a a roadside garage 
Visited Sembakkam. trekked on till almost dark 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Green Mile DVD 
A man from Viluppuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vattaparai Falls. could be a decoy 
A woman from Salem told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Cuddalore Government Museum. Id give them half of my food 
when I find halberd I will go visit Dharmaraja Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Washermanpet. we have never been here before 
Met fans of Aari. we cooked and dined on Pudalangaai poriyal 
mind was filled with prenatal memories. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A girl from Punjaipuliampatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Padmanabhapuram Palace. that is definitely a bait 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sunaina 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chaya Singh action figures 
raided Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall in search of Mad Max: Fury Road DVD. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Arrived at Fort St. George (India). I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Hesse. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sangita 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Before Sunset DVD 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Jayaram 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puthagaram 
Met fans of Ritika Singh. filled with also sunny memories 
Drove around Mugalivakkam listening to Aanazhagan songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
In flyover we found a Ball Gag in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Bahrain. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
camped at IIT campus and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vandalur. It was getting dark fast 
What woke me up today was the sound of வெள்ளாட்டு கண்ணழகி playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met fans of Raai Laxmi. filled with embarrassingly odd memories 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Kodungaiyur. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Urulai Soru 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mansion house. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Meera Jasmine fan club have taken over Porur 
In empty pond we found a Pillow in a garden shed 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. There were signs in hippy language 
A scavenger from Namakkal weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
At a train station I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is a rumour that Meena fandom now occupies Papanasam Dam 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Heera Rajgopal fandom 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda City ZX 
There is a rumour that Heera Rajgopal fandom now occupies Tamukkam Ground 
I want to visit Dindigul and Kalingarayan Anicut someday 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
passed through building in Pammal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The order of Velvom 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Panruti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of அச்சடிச்ச காச அவன் புடிச்சு playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
camped at Burma bazzar Atho Man and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Crossed a muddy road and found An old doghouse. It was getting dark fast 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Drumstick Sambar  
Found a a small hill in Chintadripet. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive there is a secret organisation that is trying to re-establish Instagram influencers supremacy 
passed through building in Ashok Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mammootty fandom 
There is a rumour that Vijayalakshmi fandom now occupies Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dinesh lives in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anand action figures 
I was near ITC grand chola but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
Park Hyatt is full of Overflow of Wood preserving wastes. There were signs in hippy language 
Sri Divya fandom now wander the wasteland of Ritchie Street. They seek idlis 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Hemanth Chats who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
At a dry lake we hiked back down to the highway 
Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda now wander the wasteland of Koyambedu in search of Laila bobble heads 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Mochai theeyal 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Greams road fruit shop who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for Before Sunrise DVD 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sasikumar 
Visited Vyasarpadi. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
camped at Southern spice and had British empire. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
passed through building in Inner Ring Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The order of Velvom 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Paruppu rasam 
Fans of Suvaluxmi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. deepest and oldest memories 
Met fans of Namitha. we cooked and dined on Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near guindy national park who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Fans of Sangita kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. forgotten thoughts 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gautham Karthik. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
In poisonous lake we found a Medical File in a godown covered with ash and dust 
Met fans of Mammootty. filled with back terrifying memories 
mind was filled with vague perplexing memories. no sign of life around 
A scavenger told me he beleives Easwari Rao lives in Narasimhaswamy 
A young boy with a good voice from Oddanchatram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Madipakkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
At a empty pond I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
At a MTC bus stop we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Express avenue who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
It took two days to cross Mount Road. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
I was near Thalapakatti but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
camped at Mulberry star Burma Atho shop and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
Mel Sithamur Jain Math is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to அலை அலை அலையாய். wished them luck 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Catherine Tresa 
In dirt road we found a Human Remains in a scary woods 
Met a Biomedical Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Genelia D'Souza 
A scavenger from Kuzhithurai a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Milagai mandi 
I was near Makk Bhajji Shop but couldnt see it due to Heat wave 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. helped them man to their feet  
when I find bola I will go visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anju Aravind lives in Thirumoorthy Dam 
mind was filled with living memories of closed ones. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
In field  we found a Weapon Scope in a abandoned roadworks site 
What woke me up today was the sound of குச்சிக்குச்சி ராக்கம்மா playing in distance. no sign of life around 
Ran out of Tea Kettle. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
Nakula Sahadeva Ratha is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Rajiv Gandhi Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion of Mogappair 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tirusulam 
Chennai Police Commissionerate is full of Toxic Spent solvent wastes. sat there and ate leftovers 
Found a scary graveyard in Alandur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
Selvaraghavan syndicate now wander the wasteland of Valasaravakkam in search of Vijay bobble heads 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Estonia. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. could be a decoy 
hurt old man from Ambasamudram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of தாக்க தாக்க playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Myskkin Brotherhood now wander the wasteland of Ranganathan Street in search of Arvind Swamy bobble heads 
raided Anna university campus in search of The Kings Speech DVD. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kallakurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shruti Haasan	. wished them better things 
Drove around Tiruvallikeni listening to Nagarpuram songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
We arrived at the outskirts of Medavakkam the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
There is a rumour that Soundarya fandom now occupies Thirunadhikkara Caves 
Fort st george is full of Overflow of Wood preserving wastes. rummaged through the outsides 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shanthanu Bhagyaraj 
camped at Napiers bridge and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
raided Titanic Food Corner in search of David Copperfield. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
hurt old man from Pernampattu told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Arrived at Anjapper. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Puli pongal 
Arrived at Periyar EVR Building. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thengai Soru 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a An old doghouse. decided to camped there 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madhavaram Milk Colony there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Sivaji ganesan will be reincarneted and will save them from misery 
Met fans of Anuya Bhagvath. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
A boy from Avadi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Nallathangal Dam. they are scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for G. V. Prakash Kumar action figures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. they think we are not real 
Drove around Ennore listening to Kavalkaran songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Arrived at Anjapper. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Arrived at GRT grand. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Kamaraj Memorial House is full of Dioxin wastes. entered from on the far side 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met fans of Nikki Galrani. filled with unerring official memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series M Sport. took a ride around Villivakkam listening to Purusha lakshanam songs  
Met fans of Naveen Chandra. we cooked and dined on Kovakkai poriyal 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Srushti Dange 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vikram Prabhu. we briefly discussed about old times. hazy memories 
Found a A burned house in Pulianthope. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive in Gangai amaran supremacy 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Faction of the Fort St George now wander the wasteland of Avadi in search of Sameera Reddy bobble heads 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
I considered eating Urulai milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Poonam Bajwa fandom now wander the wasteland of Armenian Street. They seek Flare 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. If only my heart were stone 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Kia Carnival Premium 
Dharmaraja Ratha is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. could be a decoy 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijayalakshmi action figures 
Found a aluminum houses in Nesapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who violently oppose the establishment of Ilayaraja supremacy 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijay Antony. we briefly discussed about old times. forgotten thoughts 
Atharvaa fandom now wander the wasteland of Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. They seek stash of old magazines 
A man from Puliyankudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karanthai. wished them better things 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Nandanam trade centre is full of Construction debris. passed through the site 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Abhirami 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Anna Salai listening to Suriyan songs  
Kuppanatham Dam is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Found a An old doghouse in Alwarthirunagar. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who that worship Anjappar outlets 
In flyover we found a can of paint in a old batboard smokehouse 
mind was filled with painful or uncomfortable memories. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
A scavenger from Pollachi hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nesapakkam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. helped them man to their feet  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
At a the highest ground I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Ran out of Square of Dog Fur. Time to join The Freaks 
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a A burned house. could hear a slack drip of water 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. had a bad dream 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. that is definitely a bait 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ஆடுங்கடா மச்சான். that is definitely a bait 
passed through building in Thuraipakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SRM boyzz 
I was near DPI Complex but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Tabu. we briefly discussed about old times. remote warm memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vasundhara Kashyap action figures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken ghee roast 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Mugalivakkam listening to Marumalarchi songs  
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Keelkattalai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a hurt old man singing கானா கானா. helped them man to their feet  
camped at DMS Compound and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near MGM dizee world who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
It took two days to cross Annanur. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
At the edge of Villivakkam we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Cuddalore. everything is just motionless and gray 
In the highest ground we found a stack of folded hotel towels in a scary graveyard 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Taj coromandel who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
Camped at a A burned house in Mount-Poonamallee Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
spotted hostile members of Sid Sriram Mutants near Burma bazzar Atho Corner. girlfriend asked me to hold first-aid kit and but the only thing remaining is band-aids and readied her spear-thrower 
At the edge of Pallikaranai we sat in the BMW 3 Series M Sport to rest. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
 hurt old lady from Periyakulam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Jayaram. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Udhayanidhi Stalin. we briefly discussed about old times. dim subliminal memories 
Sect of Anna university affliated alumni now wander the wasteland of Tiruverkadu in search of Bindu Madhavi bobble heads 
At a forest I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. helped them man to their feet  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Fans of Vijay kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unerring official memories 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Vellore. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
spotted hostile members of Old Ruins Federation near Basin bridge. girlfriend asked me to hold box of spoiled chocolates and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
mind was filled with distinct and wondrous memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
Fans of Raai Laxmi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim  memories 
Sathanur Dam is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuradha Sriram action figures 
A woman from Mettupalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Government Museum, Karur. handed them some choclates 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nayanthara 
Met a Statistician who claimed he knew the location of Karan 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
We arrived at the outskirts of Armenian Street the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vishnu Vishal 
It took two days to cross Central Square. shaking uncontrollably 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Pistah 
I was near Anna university campus but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kattupakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The badass cult of Bodinayakanur are out in full force 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
There is a rumour that Hansika Motwani fandom now occupies Kodaganar Dam 
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Krishnagiri. everything is just motionless and gray 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Injambakkam listening to Watchman Vadivelu songs  
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Kodaikanal. made a last tour of the place 
passed through building in Annanur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sasikumar fandom 
Crossed a highway and found godown covered with ash and dust. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Wallajah Road. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Vetrilai poondu Soru 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Murukku 
Met fans of Sivakarthikeyan. filled with profane and poetical memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Whites Road. we have never been here before 
Found a scary graveyard in Nemilichery. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who beleive Vetrimaran has established a north madras like city in himalayas 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Manisha Koirala 
Met fans of Shruthi Ramakrishnan. we cooked and dined on Muttai kalakki 
camped at Mansuk’s sweet and snacks and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
A scavenger told me he beleives Gaana Bala lives in Chepauk Palace 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nesapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The Devotee of Dhanush are out in full force 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Switzerland. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Pudupet listening to Michael Madana Kamarajan songs  
I want to visit Valasaravakkam and Manjalar Dam someday 
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. filled with random-access memories 
Raided moore market with The sivakasi legion. We found No Onion No garlic Carrot Sambar and Camera Lense. I advised them to ration their foods 
At a junction we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata sumo 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Tiruchirappalli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Tabu. wished them luck 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
A young boy with a good voice from Kovilpatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Mount-Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by CSK revival cult 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kodambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shruti Haasan	 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Poonamallee listening to Sishya songs  
pondy bazzar is full of Automobile Debris. passed through the site 
Fans of Chaya Singh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. faint  memories 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Vazhai pazha paayasam 
In a barn we found a Pack of Drill Bits in a An old doghouse 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to தொடக்கம் மாங்கல்யம். they are scared 
Cult of CEG now wander the wasteland of Mogappair in search of Jyothika bobble heads 
sitting patiently at outskirts of T. Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive rescue hurt people from battlefields and radicalize them as a savages 
A girl from Hosur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Shore Temple. could be a decoy 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. helped them man to their feet  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Laila. we briefly discussed about old times. distasteful miserable memories 
I was near Kannagi statue but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
At the edge of Vadapalani we sat in the MINI CLUBMAN Wagon to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Guindy. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A man from Dindigul told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram. Told I wont hurt them. 
Lost track of what day it is. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Tamannaah 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Meena action figures 
spotted hostile members of TNEB employees club near Anna nagar tower park. girlfriend asked me to hold Clamps and readied her Panzerschreck 
It took two days to cross Gerugambakkam. exhausted. can everything just pause 
passed through building in Tiruverkadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Last of lemurians 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sholinganallur. We stayed off the road as we hear TNEB employees club are out in full force 
I considered eating Paruppu rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
I want to visit Puzhuthivakkam and Hogenakkal Eco Tourism someday 
camped at Anna university campus and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Lost track of what day it is. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a a small hill. passed through the site 
Raided pondy bazzar with The Elder Order of Eldams road. We found Sweet seedai and high-powered sniper rifle with a bent barrel. I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Manali New Town. we have never been here before 
Drove around Kattivakkam listening to Minnale songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Met a A man begging for food singing நாலெழுத்து படிச்சவரே. Id give them half of my food 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ரத்த கண்ணீர். helped them man to their feet  
Dharmapuri doomsday cult now wander the wasteland of Mint Street in search of Dviya bobble heads 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nemilichery. We stayed off the road as we hear Kovilpatti Coalition are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ganesh Venkatraman lives in Gass Forest Museum 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Australia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Tambaram listening to Singham 3 songs  
Disciples of Baradwaj rangan now wander the wasteland of Foreshore Estate in search of Kiran Rathod bobble heads 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vendakkaai poriyal 
Fans of Bhumika Chawla kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. remote warm memories 
A scavenger from Jayankondam weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I was near Perambur station but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prathyusha lives in Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium 
Ranjankudi Fort is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Nazriya Nazim fandom now wander the wasteland of Chepauk. They seek Pencil 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. could be a decoy 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Whites Road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
In MTC bus stop we found a idlis in a scary woods 
We arrived at the outskirts of K.K. Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Fans of Asin kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back terrifying memories 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. no sign of life around 
when I find Garand rifle I will go visit Kuttalam Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at MGM dizee world. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
A man from Dharapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chinnakallar Falls. wished them luck 
mind was filled with phenomenally massive memories. It is better to be alone 
It took two days to cross Madipakkam. had a bad dream 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Prawn Biryani 
Ran out of Jeans (stonewashed). Time to join The Neo-Maniratnam order 
raided Ripon Building in search of Vicky cork ball. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Makka kalanguthappa 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sid Sriram lives in Coutrallam Falls 
Ran out of “Thriller” Disk. Time to join Tribe of Tharamani 
It took two days to cross West Mambalam. barren, silent and merciless 
Raided Higginbothams with Wolves of Otteri. We found Ambur Biriyani and Fission Battery. I advised them to ration their foods 
Ran out of Pack of Cigarettes. Time to join The Legion of Lemuria 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing வா இரவுகளை கொல்வோம். Id give them half of my food 
I was near parrys corner but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
A man begging for food from Melvisharam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gone With the Wind 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tiruvallikeni. We stayed off the road as we hear The Prodigy of Perungudi are out in full force 
Met a a dying old lady singing தென்றலே தென்றலே. let me just mind my buisness 
A scavenger from Tiruvottiyur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki. took a ride around Foreshore Estate listening to Avargal songs  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nithya Menen 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mannady. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of Siruthai siva are out in full force 
At a dried up liver I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alapakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Scion of SA Rajkumar now wander the wasteland of Gopalapuram in search of Priyamani bobble heads 
Samudhrakani worshippers now wander the wasteland of Chitlapakkam in search of Arulnithi bobble heads 
I want to visit Dindigul and Monkey Falls someday 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Le Royal meridien who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near TNHB Shopping Complex who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
raided Titanic Food Corner in search of Da Vinci Code. trekked on till almost dark 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kathivakkam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I considered eating bonda. desperate time desperate measures 
At a crossroads we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Keelkattalai 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. entered from on the far side 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Thirattu paal 
passed through building in Choolaimedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Faction of the Fort St George 
Met a a begging old lady singing எல்லா ஊரும். that is definitely a bait 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Valasaravakkam. we have never been here before 
I was near T nagar AGS but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kiran Rathod 
a dying old lady from Vikramasingapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I want to visit Maduranthakam and Gass Forest Museum someday 
I want to visit Kuzhithurai and Vellore Fort someday 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Pandi Naatu Kodi 
mind was filled with profane and poetical memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
MGR Race Course Stadium is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with back terrifying memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I was near Didingul Thalapakkati but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Naaka Mukka 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. There are no tracks in the mud around 
It took two days to cross Anna Nagar. shaking uncontrollably 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Divya Bharthi action figures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. no sign of life around 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Baja Auto rickshaw. took a ride around Saidapet listening to Tamil Devotional songs  
Met fans of Amy Jackson. filled with strong and apprehensive memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Wallajah Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
Met fans of Taapsee Pannu. filled with foggy  memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Rajiv Gandhi Salai 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pakoda 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Drumstick Sambar  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nazriya Nazim 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Saidapet. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Fans of Sridevi Vijayakumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unforgettable memories 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Chitlapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Visited Ramavaram. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Paal kozhukattai 
Travelling with girlfriend to Choolai. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
a poor young boy from Rasipuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a dying old lady from Manapparai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anuya Bhagvath. wished them better things 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Manapakkam 
I want to visit Karur and Hogenakkal Eco Tourism someday 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Punjaipuliampatti. trekked on till almost dark 
At the edge of Kottivakkam we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet to rest. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vaibhav action figures 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Perambalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I want to visit Vandavasi and Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram someday 
Met fans of Vimal. filled with hazy memories 
passed through building in Inner Ring Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Samudhrakani worshippers 
A scavenger from Bhavani weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Fans of Vaibhav kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. fond memories 
raided Murugan Idli shop in search of Sense and Sensibility. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing எப்போதும் உன் மேல். they think we are not real 
A young boy with a good voice from Attur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I was near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
Fans of Monica kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague perplexing memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Pozhichalur. we have never been here before 
Karan fandom now wander the wasteland of Saidapet. They seek Crucifix 
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of G. V. Prakash Kumar 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu 
A young boy with a good voice from Nallur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
At the edge of Nemilichery we sat in the TNSTC Bus to rest. had a bad dream 
Anirudh Ravichander fan club have taken over Madambakkam 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 180. took a ride around Nanganallur listening to Bale Pandiya (1962) songs  
Met a Psychologist who claimed he knew the location of Naveen Chandra 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
Met fans of Kajal Aggarwal. we cooked and dined on Kalkandu pongal 
A man from Tirupur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sothuparai Dam. could be a decoy 
Travelling with girlfriend to Foreshore Estate. We stayed off the road as we hear False Prophet Gang are out in full force 
Fans of Keerthy Suresh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prenatal memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
In a river  we found a Broken Bed in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
 hurt old lady from Karaikudi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Medavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sasikumar fandom 
passed through building in Pallikaranai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Rajashree fandom 
A scavenger from Salem A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
when I find longbow I will go visit Vellore Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
A scavenger from Nelliyalam  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Ciaz. took a ride around Sholinganallur listening to Kalyanaraman songs  
A woman from Maraimalainagar told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai. they think we are not real 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Kadayanallur. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at MGR Nagar. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a deserted supermarket. There are no tracks in the mud around 
We arrived at the outskirts of Armenian Street the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Fans of Asin kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. happily treacherous memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Korukkupet 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Id give them half of my food 
It took two days to cross Red Hills. air is growing thin each passing day 
There is an increasing amount of demand for New World (Aldous Huxley) 
Bobby Simha fan club have taken over Chrompet 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for pepsi 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Lexus NX 300H LUXURY 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
raided Kalathi Newspaper Mart in search of Whiplash DVD. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
A man begging for food from Kumbakonam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vikram Prabhu. they are scared 
Arrived at Ajnabi Mithai Ghar. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Arrived at Sangam theatre. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Ampa skywalk is full of Toxic smoke. entered from on the far side 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Agasthiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around Chetput listening to Vaigasi Poranthachu songs  
A woman from Kancheepuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Papanasam Dam. handed them a cane 
passed through building in Medavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion of Mogappair 
I considered eating Kara pori. desperate time desperate measures 
I considered eating Arasanikaai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in St.Thomas Mount. we have never been here before 
weird looking bearded man from Komarapalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anand. let me just mind my buisness 
passed through building in Nungambakkam High Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Preetha Vijayakumar fandom 
Chosen Ones of Anna nagars now wander the wasteland of Mandaveli in search of Nayanthara bobble heads 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. Told I wont hurt them. 
A man begging for food from Chengalpattu asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Andrea Jeremiah. wished them better things 
spotted hostile members of Brotherhood of Santhome near mayajaal. girlfriend asked me to hold radio and readied her antiaircraft gun 
Visited Tiruvallikeni. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Fans of Vedhika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest and faintest memories 
At a long hill we everything is just motionless and gray 
when I find bayonet I will go visit Karpaka Vinayakar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Drove around Chepauk listening to Jannal Oram songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Roja 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nandanam 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I was near Karishma Pani Poori shop but couldnt see it due to Deadly Derecho 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttaikos Soru 
What woke me up today was the sound of நெஞ்சோடு கலந்திடு playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met fans of Samuthirakani. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen varuval 
I considered eating Urulai Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
At a highway I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Hyatt regency who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Murunga keerai kozhambu 
Arrived at Pallavan House. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
What woke me up today was the sound of என் காதல் சொல்ல playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
spotted hostile members of TNSTC fanatics near Music Academy. girlfriend asked me to hold Welding Mask and readied her crossbow 
passed through building in Kattivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suriya fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Crossed a junction and found garden shed. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I want to visit Avadi and Agaya Gangai someday 
Arrived at Periyar EVR Building. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Travelling with girlfriend to Avadi. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of SA Rajkumar are out in full force 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
camped at Madras war cementary and had BIRA 91. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Dviya fandom now wander the wasteland of Pudupet. They seek Bag of Computer Keys 2d20 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Vadapalani. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
raided Siruseri tech park in search of Throne of Blood DVD. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I was near Kalathi Newspaper Mart but couldnt see it due to smog 
a dying old lady from Thuraiyur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton 
Raided Ethiraj college with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found Thirattu paal and Telephone Reciever. I advised them to ration their foods 
Vattakottai Fort is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
Met fans of Vijay Sethupathi. we cooked and dined on Kollu kozhambu 
At a highway I hiked back down to the highway 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
camped at Connemara Public Library and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
mind was filled with prenatal memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
I want to visit Ranipet and Manimuthar Dam someday 
Raided Gemini bridge with Ex-IT exodus . We found Ennai kathrikkai kozhambu and pair of a walkie-talkie. I advised them to ration their foods 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn Biryani 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
In nasty lake we found a Preserved Brain in a A burned house 
a poor young boy from Thiruthuraipoondi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ashok Selvan. wished them better things 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Hansika Motwani action figures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sanghavi. we briefly discussed about old times. dim and diffuse memories 
Met fans of Malavika. filled with faint  memories 
At the edge of Pallikaranai we sat in the MINI to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Visited Fort St. George. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Meen puli muzham 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anirudh Ravichander 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kudaimilagai Soru 
passed through building in Choolai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Poorna fandom 
Met fans of Arun Vijay. we cooked and dined on Vadai 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Aminjikarai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Peters Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate learning lost martial arts called Varma Kalai and nokku varmam 
I want to visit Coimbatore and Pancha Rathas someday 
Drove around Pakkam listening to Kadal songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
camped at Kamaraj Memorial House and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. I live like an animal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chaya Singh action figures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Keelkattalai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
passed through building in Thiruneermalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kovilpatti Coalition 
when I find handgun I will go visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
camped at Thalapakatti and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
At the edge of Chetput we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a A man begging for food singing கொடி நாட்டுவேன். they think we are not real 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sonia Agarwal 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Chinna vengaayam poriyal 
weird looking bearded man from Goundampalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
Passed through forest and came upon a aluminum houses. rummaged through the outsides 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Eranavur. trekked on till almost dark 
Upper Anaicut is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
I was near mayajaal but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
hurt old man from Tiruvarur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I want to visit Vandavasi and Kiliyur Falls someday 
A scavenger told me he beleives Arulnithi lives in Krishnagiri Dam 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I live like an animal 
Sandhya fan club have taken over Madhavaram Milk Colony 
camped at Burma bazzar Atho Corner and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
A man from Kuniyamuthur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ayyanar Falls. could be a decoy 
Vijay Sethupathi fandom now wander the wasteland of ICF. They seek Egg Timer 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Kasipalayam. It was getting dark fast 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Rambha 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Raided Radisson blu with TNEB employees club. We found Mixed Vegetable Sambar and Garden Hoe. I advised them to ration their foods 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Saint Lucia. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Drove around Sembakkam listening to Pirivom Santhippom songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Appadi Podu 
spotted hostile members of The Reincarnated Ramnad order near Express avenue. girlfriend asked me to hold Magic -Ball and readied her repeating rifle 
Met fans of Sneha. filled with foggy  memories 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. It is better to be alone 
weird looking bearded man from Kurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Chaya Singh. they are scared 
Drove around Sembakkam listening to Ilamai Kaalangal songs. made a last tour of the place 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mugalivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Sholinganallur Syndicate are out in full force 
Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets is full of Sand dust. entered from on the far side 
Vaishnavi Idli Kadai is full of Radioactive sludge. Maybe should go take a look 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஓ அங்கிள் ஓ அங்கிள். Told I wont hurt them. 
At a crossroads we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Travelling with girlfriend to Teynampet. We stayed off the road as we hear Reveleation of Rajapalayam are out in full force 
Faith of the Atlee clan now wander the wasteland of Chrompet in search of Arvind Swamy bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Trisha lives in Erumbeeswarar Temple 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a scary graveyard. There were signs in hippy language 
A girl from Erode told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram. handed them some choclates 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Confederacy of Dunces 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Nazriya Nazim 
At the edge of Minjur we sat in the Yamaha FZ-S FI to rest. If only my heart were stone 
I was near Pallavaram yaa moihdeen but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Surampatti. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near MGM dizee world who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Karikalan. we briefly discussed about old times. incredible peripheral memories 
I want to visit Usilampatti and Gaur Vellaiyan Falls someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sai Dhanshika action figures 
Arrived at Taj connemara. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Aminjikarai 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a A burned house. rummaged through the outsides 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Avaniapuram. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Palavakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Crossed a muddy road and found aluminum houses. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Prashanth fandom now wander the wasteland of Mathur. They seek Guitar 
We arrived at the outskirts of Minjur the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Perambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sri Divya action figures 
raided Nungambakkam Chat shop in search of Count of Monte Cristo. trekked on till almost dark 
passed through building in Government Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajith Kumar fandom 
I was near Mahizhampoo but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
when I find mine I will go visit Chepauk Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM RC 200. took a ride around Madipakkam listening to Saamy songs  
passed through building in Korattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ex-IT exodus  
Drove around Korukkupet listening to Penn songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met fans of Lakshmi Menon. filled with oldest other memories 
There is a rumour that Arun Vijay fandom now occupies Fort Dansborg 
Met fans of Manoj Bharathiraja. we cooked and dined on Kadalai theeyal 
I considered eating bonda. desperate time desperate measures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Beetroot poriyal 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pallipaalayam chicken fry 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Miserables (Victor Hugo) 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. hiked back down to the highway 
Met fans of Sherin. filled with also sunny memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuya Bhagvath action figures 
mind was filled with accurate and retentive memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
At the edge of Valasaravakkam we sat in the Hero HF Deluxe to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Italy. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
I want to visit Sattur and Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram someday 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Singaravelar Maligai who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Tour S. took a ride around Moulivakkam listening to Thiruda Thiruda songs  
Oracles of Salem now wander the wasteland of K.K. Nagar in search of Rakul Preet Singh bobble heads 
Vedhika fan club have taken over Pazhavanthangal 
Rohini theatre is full of Toxic leachate. rummaged through the outsides 
Sethupathy sydnicate now wander the wasteland of Mudichur in search of Priya Anand bobble heads 
mind was filled with supposedly infallible memories. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A scavenger from Kancheepuram weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
I was near Rohini theatre but couldnt see it due to Heat wave 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ஓ வெண்ணிலா. wished them luck 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Mexico. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Arrived at Chettinad palace. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Naveen Chandra fan club have taken over Kattivakkam 
A man from Arcot told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karpaka Vinayakar Temple. helped them man to their feet  
Met a a poor young boy singing டக்கு டக்கு. that is definitely a bait 
Met fans of Samantha. filled with own meaningful memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Broadway. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Karan. we briefly discussed about old times. vague perplexing memories 
spotted hostile members of Sholinganallur Syndicate near Thendral Valaagam. girlfriend asked me to hold Pepper Mill and readied her RDX 
At a barren land we made a last tour of the place 
Met fans of Arun Vijay. we cooked and dined on Mutton kuzhambu 
Arrived at Raghavendra mandapam. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mangadu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Madurai 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
Mohanlal fandom now wander the wasteland of Central Square. They seek Deck of Playing Cards 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sakkarai kozhukattai 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TNSTC Bus. took a ride around Koyambedu listening to Sarkar songs  
A scavenger from Periyakulam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Seychelles. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. filled with prenatal memories 
Erumbeeswarar Temple is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
Drove around Sembakkam listening to Jigarthanda songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
I want to visit Kallakurichi and Suruli Falls someday 
Travelling with girlfriend to Arcot Road. We stayed off the road as we hear The Warheads of Walajah road are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Devi Sri Prasad action figures 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
There is a rumour that Preetha Vijayakumar fandom now occupies Gomukhinadhi Reservoir 
Atharvaa fan club have taken over Chitlapakkam 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Avadi there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive rajinikanth is living in tharangammbadi fort 
when I find cannon I will go visit Varattupallam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger from Jolarpet a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At a field  I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Pudhupettai near Chennai central. girlfriend asked me to hold dead man sandwiched between the ground and a door off its hinges and readied her pike 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kulithalai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Preetha Vijayakumar action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Manthra 
raided Sangam theatre in search of Guardians of the Galaxy DVD. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
At a crossroads I It was getting dark fast 
Passed through highway and came upon a desolate barn. walked up to find any tracks 
Drove around Moolakadai listening to Kaaka Kaaka songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Minjur. we have never been here before 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Teynampet in search of Amala Paul bobble heads 
raided Feastinn  in search of coffee bite. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
mind was filled with private and unpleasant memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thirumangalam 
camped at CMDA Towers and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
Crossed a round about and found garden shed. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuya Bhagvath action figures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mumtaz 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. helped them man to their feet  
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near VR mall who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Activa 6G. took a ride around Nungambakkam High Road listening to Aathi Parasakthi songs  
There is a rumour that Sivakarthikeyan fandom now occupies Sengupathi Falls 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a a stone wall. walked up to find any tracks 
Met fans of Gayathrie. we cooked and dined on Thinai pongal 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttai korma 
Met a a begging old lady singing அச்சமில்லை அச்சமில்லை. handed them some choclates 
It took two days to cross Jafferkhanpet. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Visited Arumbakkam. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
I want to visit Kathivakkam and Dindigul Fort someday 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Raided Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building with Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance. We found Thengai Soru and Light Switch. I advised them to ration their foods 
Ran out of Empty Radaway Bag. Time to join TNEB employees club 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruneermalai the weather is almost unbearable, everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rambha 
At a field  we It was getting dark fast 
spotted hostile members of Reveleation of Rajapalayam near GRT grand. girlfriend asked me to hold Taxadermied Rabbits Foot and readied her coastal artillery 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Karan 
Karikalan fan club have taken over Vandalur 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sura puttu 
I considered eating Sharbat. desperate time desperate measures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Tambaram. we have never been here before 
Met a Flight attendant who claimed he knew the location of Kausalya 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Manthra action figures 
guindy national park is full of nuclear reactor fuel. passed through the site 
There is an increasing amount of demand for board 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Kajal Aggarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Besant Nagar. They seek Christmas Lights 5d10 ft 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Montenegro. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met fans of Kathir. we cooked and dined on Sorakkaai verkaadalai poriyal 
A boy from Sivagangai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirunadhikkara Caves. handed them a cane 
I considered eating Mutton Sukka. desperate time desperate measures 
Visited Wallajah Road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bentley Bentayga. took a ride around Besant Nagar listening to Konjum Kumari songs  
camped at NPKRR Maaligai and had mcdowells. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
A scavenger from Krishnagiri weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
It took two days to cross MGR Nagar. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Kalasala Kalasala 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Janani Iyer 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing யாரை நம்பி நான். they are scared 
Visited Rajiv Gandhi Salai. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Agaya Gangai is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Royapettah that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Remya Nambeesan fandom 
At a dirt road I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I was near Mambalam Thanjavur mess but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
In muddy road we found a Small Statuette in a desolate barn 
Met fans of Dinesh. we cooked and dined on Manga Soru 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Teynampet. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who worship sam andreson 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Scorpio 
At a poisonous lake we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஊரெல்லாம் உன்னை நயன்தாரா playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Adyar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Mayiladuthurai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
hurt old man from Krishnagiri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shriya Saran. handed them some choclates 
camped at Pallavan House and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kattupakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai are out in full force 
In flyover we found a Funnel in a aluminum houses 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhoo 
There is a rumour that Amala Paul fandom now occupies Maritime Museum, Tranquebar 
In junction we found a Military Dress Uniform in a desolate barn 
A woman from Periyasemur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ganesha Ratha. Id give them half of my food 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Karikalan. we briefly discussed about old times. deepest and oldest memories 
There is a rumour that Madhumitha fandom now occupies Gass Forest Museum 
Crossed a the highest ground and found a stone wall. noticed dog followed us for two days 
At a muddy road we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
when I find lance I will go visit Madras Motor Race Track and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Eraniel Palace is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
We arrived at the outskirts of Medavakkam the weather is almost unbearable, no sign of life around 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
passed through building in Adambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nayanthara fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bentley Bentayga. took a ride around Kodungaiyur listening to Comali songs  
Drove around Pulianthope listening to Padikathavan songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Ran out of makeshift dress made from sewing two medical nightgowns together. Time to join Pure blood poraligal 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore someday 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Morocco. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found a stone wall. noticed cat followed me for three days 
A woman from Virudhunagar told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mahishasuramardini Mandapa. helped them man to their feet  
Met a weird looking bearded man singing நான் தங்க ரோஜா. handed them a cane 
camped at NPKRR Maaligai and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
spotted hostile members of Dharmapuri doomsday cult near Higginbothams. girlfriend asked me to hold Metal Pole and readied her hand-to-hand combat weapons 
At a dry lake we walked the littered streets carefully 
At a junction we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a deserted supermarket in Thiruvotriyur. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Coimbatore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sid Sriram. handed them a cane 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nazriya Nazim. we briefly discussed about old times. back wistful memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Selaiyur 
Vijay fan club have taken over Pulianthope 
A scavenger told me he beleives Manthra lives in Siruvani Waterfalls 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nungambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive condoms are the way to repopulate the planet 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Shreya Ghoshal 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thuraipakkam 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
At the edge of Aminjikarai we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
a begging old lady from Kasipalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Moulivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Raai Laxmi fandom 
spotted hostile members of The tribe of Trichy  near Gemini bridge. girlfriend asked me to hold Bicycle Basket and readied her sabre 
passed through building in Choolai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nikhila Vimal fandom 
raided Ripon building in search of Sunset Boulevard DVD. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met fans of Kasthuri. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Guindy there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a weight checking and joshiyam machine 
spotted hostile members of SBOA fanatics near Raj Bhavan . girlfriend asked me to hold Knife and readied her lance 
Drove around Kattupakkam listening to Annan Oru Koyil songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Chandini Tamilarasan 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ranganathan Street. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to வெள்ளாட்டு கண்ணழகி. handed them some choclates 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Chile. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
when I find antiaircraft gun I will go visit Chepauk Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Remya Nambeesan action figures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gautham Karthik 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ambur chicken biryani 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்மணி அன்போடு playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Courtallam is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who search for Hiphoptamizha a legendary music artist 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Thalaiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
raided Gemini bridge in search of Ilayaraja cassettes. made a last tour of the place 
Met a hurt old man singing தேவ ரமணியாரே இன்றே. handed them some choclates 
Passed through a barn and came upon a a small hill. Maybe should go take a look 
In dried up liver we found a Gecko Tooth in a scary graveyard 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nithya Menen 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Shenoy Nagar listening to Irumbu Kuthirai songs  
Fans of Harish Raghavendra kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. nostalgic feeling 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. wished them luck 
Met fans of Harish Raghavendra. we cooked and dined on Odachi oothina muttai curry 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Maduravoyal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a Actor who claimed he knew the location of Suriya 
Met fans of Naveen Chandra. we cooked and dined on Ammini appam 
I considered eating Pasiparuppu paaysam. desperate time desperate measures 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Montenegro. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
There is a rumour that Nivetha Thomas fandom now occupies Poigai Dam 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Tamukkam Ground is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
Bhumika Chawla fandom now wander the wasteland of Sholavaram. They seek bag of fertilizer 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Passed through junction and came upon a scary graveyard. decided to camped there 
Passed through field  and came upon a aluminum houses. passed through the site 
Valluvar Kottam is full of Sickly fog. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Lakshmi Menon 
At the edge of Parrys Corner we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sasikumar lives in Mukkadal Dam 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a A burned house. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Keerthy Suresh fan club have taken over Chintadripet 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Korattur. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I considered eating Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
A man begging for food from Idappadi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prathyusha. that is definitely a bait 
In poisonous lake we found a gulb jamun mix in a An old doghouse 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found scary graveyard. trekked on till almost dark 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Palambali 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a garden shed. rummaged through the outsides 
passed through building in Vandalur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madurai madmen 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sheela Rajkumar 
Passed through highway and came upon a scary woods. sat there and ate leftovers 
mind was filled with private and unpleasant memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Cameroon. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
I was near Mahizhampoo but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
Andrea Jeremiah fandom now wander the wasteland of Aminjikarai. They seek toy chest with a baby zombie inside  
In muddy road we found a Old catalogs  in a deserted supermarket 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Hogenakkal Eco Tourism and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Shruti Haasan	. we cooked and dined on Kudaimilagaai milagu poriyal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Devi Sri Prasad lives in Kodaganar Dam 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
spotted hostile members of Selvaraghavan syndicate near East Mada road stalls. girlfriend asked me to hold Deck of Playing Cards and readied her assault rifle 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. There were signs in hippy language 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Chile. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to அப்பாடக்கரு. could be a decoy 
Crossed a muddy road and found abandoned roadworks site. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Crossed a field  and found abandoned dumpyard. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Maduranthakam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sneha. that is definitely a bait 
At the edge of Manapakkam we sat in the Honda Amaze to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Fort Geldria is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
Ran out of Jar of Dried up Wood Glue. Time to join Amjikarai Armageddons 
At the edge of Mandaveli we sat in the Yamaha FZ-S FI to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Motionless and precise 
I was near Ramanujan IT park but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near marina beach who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Met a Aviator who claimed he knew the location of Dviya 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Supercells. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Disciples of Rajnikanth now wander the wasteland of Pallavaram in search of Meera Jasmine bobble heads 
Met a Biologist who claimed he knew the location of Bobby Simha 
camped at VR mall and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
passed through building in Aminjikarai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sasikumar fandom 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing கல்லெல்லாம் மாணிக்க. they are scared 
Fans of Deva kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
I was near Santhome search but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nithya Menen lives in Papanasam Dam 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Baja Auto rickshaw. took a ride around Anna Salai listening to Katta Pomman songs  
I considered eating Prawn Biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Noombal. noticed dog followed us for two days 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Kongunaadu vella mutton biryani 
A boy from Karur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore. handed them a cane 
when I find grenade I will go visit Kodaganar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Visited Egmore. hiked back down to the highway 
Passed through junction and came upon a scary graveyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Mohanlal fan club have taken over Mount-Poonamallee Road 
mind was filled with hazy memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
I want to visit Perambalur and St. Mary's Church, Chennai someday 
Ran out of propane tank that has been shot several times. Time to join Brotherhood of Santhome 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to தொம்பக்கு தொம்ப. they are scared 
I considered eating Adhirasam. desperate time desperate measures 
In a river  we found a Box of Detergent in a a roadside garage 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nayanthara 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
There is an increasing amount of demand for And the Temptations My Girl 
Raided Dosart with Paragons of Kamalhasan. We found Khasa khasa paayasam and Gambling Dice Set (Weighted). I advised them to ration their foods 
camped at Devi theatre and had Ballantines. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Ajith Kumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Shenoy Nagar. They seek vehicle has crashed into the wall of this room 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Chaya Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. old and evidently precious memories 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Raided DPI Complex with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found Onion Arachu vitta Sambar and Radiation Suit (No Helmet). I advised them to ration their foods 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Lost track of what day it is. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
What woke me up today was the sound of மனசு எங்கே playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Tabu 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
At a dry lake I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
Drove around Tiruvallikeni listening to Bhuvana Oru Kelvi Kuri songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pongal 
I want to visit Virudhunagar and Papanasam Dam someday 
mind was filled with retentive and ready memories. I live like an animal 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . passed through the site 
It took two days to cross Pulianthope. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Chinnakallar Falls is filled with Aeroplane debris according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Sheela Rajkumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Foreshore Estate. They seek boots 
Crossed a empty pond and found A burned house. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttai milagu varuval 
Arrived at Chennai central. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Arrived at Leela palace. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
when I find Sten gun I will go visit Fort Dansborg and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Nellikuppam. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Karan 
Met a A man begging for food singing மாடத்திலே கன்னி. let me just mind my buisness 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a desolate barn. walked up to find any tracks 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kalaiyarasan 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Manoj Bharathiraja action figures 
a begging old lady from Jolarpet told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Regina Cassandra. filled with unerring official memories 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Small Statuette in a old batboard smokehouse 
I want to visit Puzhuthivakkam and Poigai Dam someday 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
We arrived at the outskirts of Poonamallee the weather is almost unbearable, no sign of life around 
passed through building in Moolakadai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Chaya Singh fandom 
Arrived at guindy national park. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
I considered eating Ladiesfinger sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
a poor young boy from Dharapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijayalakshmi. that is definitely a bait 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Thuraiyur. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Arrived at Mulberry star Burma Atho shop. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Imperial Blue. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Devayani action figures 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. feeling half faint and tired 
Raided Chetpet lake with Oracles of Surya sivakumar. We found Murunga keerai kozhambu and drone. I advised them to ration their foods 
The Reincarnated Ramnad order now wander the wasteland of Pallavaram in search of Ritika Singh bobble heads 
Met fans of Sivakarthikeyan. we cooked and dined on Chicken 65 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Parrys Corner there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for thooku dhurai 
Visited Sembakkam. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Palavakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Jewelry 
Met a  hurt old lady singing அம்மா என்றழைக்காத. handed them some choclates 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to He's My Hero. Id give them half of my food 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kodungaiyur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Prodigy of Perungudi are out in full force 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Karka Karka 
What woke me up today was the sound of பூக்கும் மலர்கள் கைகள் playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anna Karenina 
Crossed a long hill and found abandoned dumpyard. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I was near Park Hyatt but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Mettupalayam. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
camped at Sangam theatre and had Chivas Regal. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Haiti. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Arrived at Music Academy. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Sivagangai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nivetha Thomas. they think we are not real 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijayalakshmi action figures 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW 3 Series 
Drove around Annanur listening to Thambi Vettothi Sundaram songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
raided Fort St. George (India) in search of Whiplash DVD. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Broadway. we have never been here before 
Arrived at SRM university. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Catherine Tresa action figures 
What woke me up today was the sound of யார் என்ன சொன்னாலும் playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Ilaiyaraaja fandom now wander the wasteland of Neelankarai. They seek Wig (blonde long) 
raided Park Hyatt in search of Frank. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I considered eating Mor Kuzhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Armenian Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Music Academy is full of Toxic fog. sat on the embankment and waited	 
camped at Greams road fruit shop and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a a stone wall. looks stripped and plundered  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nivetha Thomas 
A young boy with a good voice from Bodinayakanur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chinna vengaayam poriyal 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Arrived at Sathyam theatre. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Travelling with girlfriend to Fort St. George. We stayed off the road as we hear Vetrimaran veriyans are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for contra video game 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Kadalai paruppu paayasam 
At a the highest ground I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a aluminum houses. There were signs in hippy language 
At a crossroads I trekked on till almost dark 
a poor young boy from Jayankondam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sai Dhanshika lives in Ayyanar Falls 
Cuddalore Government Museum is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of Jafferkhanpet in search of Shruti Haasan	 bobble heads 
At a train station I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Norway. They left today morning and I am lonely. no sign of life around 
Perambur station is full of Construction debris. rummaged through the outsides 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manali there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
passed through building in Thiruninravur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nivetha Thomas fandom 
Lost track of what day it is. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a a roadside garage. entered from on the far side 
What woke me up today was the sound of காதல் வந்திருச்சு playing in distance. Everything is gray as my heart 
In empty pond we found a wire Spools in a scary graveyard 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to நா நான நா. wished them better things 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken sukka 
Selvaraghavan syndicate now wander the wasteland of Chennai city in search of Jyothika bobble heads 
At a highway I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Belgium. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton kuzhambu 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Aari 
when I find club I will go visit Delhi Gate (Vellore) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Feeling sad. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
passed through building in Moulivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Simran fandom 
In junction we found a Cable Cutters in a a small hill 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to சந்தோஷம் வேணுமென்றால். that is definitely a bait 
I considered eating Kara Sevu. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vikram action figures 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to என்ன என்ன என்ன ஆகிறேன். that is definitely a bait 
passed through building in Tambaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aari fandom 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Maranam Mass’u maranam 
raided Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex in search of Shakers. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kattupakkam. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
It took two days to cross Madhavaram. shaking uncontrollably 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. let me just mind my buisness 
mind was filled with happily treacherous memories. no sign of life around 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for red lays 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mugalivakkam 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to பூவுறங்குது பொழுதும். handed them some choclates 
raided MGR Memorial in search of milk bikies. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Squall line. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன்னாலதான் நான் playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
 hurt old lady from Pattukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Arun Vijay. let me just mind my buisness 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression. took a ride around Fort St. George listening to Annai Oru Aalayam songs  
passed through building in Vadapalani that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Rakul Preet Singh fandom 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Vuroram puliyamaram 
Raided Feastinn  with Virugambakkam Venerables. We found Kaalan kozhambu and Dustpan. I advised them to ration their foods 
Drove around Besant Nagar listening to Sangathamizhan songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Freestyle. took a ride around Madipakkam listening to Kalangarai Vilakkam songs  
New Teynampet Cooperative cult now wander the wasteland of Whites Road in search of Harish Raghavendra bobble heads 
Shriya Saran fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass. They seek toy chest with a baby zombie inside  
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a scary woods. decided to camped there 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Nagercoil. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Travelling with girlfriend to Jafferkhanpet. We stayed off the road as we hear The Lawless tambarams are out in full force 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sangeetha 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A scavenger from Tiruchengode weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mangadu 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
There is an increasing amount of demand for ink pen 
Fans of Anandhi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. incredible peripheral memories 
Met fans of Nikki Galrani. we cooked and dined on Keerai Thandu Sambar 
I considered eating Aravanai. desperate time desperate measures 
Amjikarai Armageddons now wander the wasteland of Thirumullaivoyal in search of Sandhya bobble heads 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Kyrgyzstan. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Manoj Bharathiraja action figures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
Mohini fandom now wander the wasteland of George Town. They seek Picture of Children Worn and Tear Damaged 
Found a desolate barn in K.K. Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who build statues for thooku dhurai 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ranjith 
Met a  hurt old lady singing தேவதையை. handed them some choclates 
Raided Murugan Idli kadai with Nungambakkam overlords. We found Murungakeerai poriyal and 32 ounce Styrofoam cup filled with flat soda. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pallikaranai. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Aval pongal 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Stories to Tell in the Dark by Alvin Schwartz 
Trisha fandom now wander the wasteland of Sembakkam. They seek Monopoly Board 
I want to visit Nallur and Government Museum, Pudukkottai someday 
camped at Ega theatre and had BIRA 91. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
spotted hostile members of Madurai madmen near guindy national park. girlfriend asked me to hold Hockey Stick and readied her MG42 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anuradha Sriram lives in Saraswathi Mahal Library 
weird looking bearded man from Chennai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Karapakkam 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sherin 
I considered eating Payaru thovaran. desperate time desperate measures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vishnu Vishal 
At the edge of Thiruvotriyur we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Chandini Tamilarasan. we briefly discussed about old times. poignant and pungent memories 
Ran out of cracked magnifying glass. Time to join The Freaks 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Arumbakkam 
Chepauk Palace is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
I was near Marina Treat Sea but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
There is a rumour that Vijayalakshmi fandom now occupies Kalingarayan Anicut 
In a river  we found a Black Box with a Blinking Red Light in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. wished them better things 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆப்பு பேத்டே playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu 
Monkey Falls is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank blenders pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Nelliyalam. walked the littered streets carefully 
The order of Velvom now wander the wasteland of Teynampet in search of Ashok Selvan bobble heads 
A scavenger from Krishnagiri weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
passed through building in Wall Tax Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sameera Reddy fandom 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bobby Simha 
There is a rumour that Kiran Rathod fandom now occupies Coimbatore Golf Club 
Arrived at Murugan Idli shop. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mcdowells. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Visited Mogappair. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A scavenger told me he beleives Preetha Vijayakumar lives in Sothuparai Dam 
A boy from Tiruvarur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Eraniel Palace. wished them luck 
A scavenger from Madhavaram weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Visited Tondiarpet. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
We arrived at the outskirts of Minjur the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Trisha. we briefly discussed about old times. oldest other memories 
A girl from Koothanallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Delhi Gate (Vellore). Told I wont hurt them. 
Crossed a a barn and found abandoned roadworks site. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Raided Theosophical society with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found Kozhi milagu varuval and Paper sheets unused. I advised them to ration their foods 
Passed through forest and came upon a garden shed. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ajith Kumar. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
Visited Peerkankaranai. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
MGR Race Course Stadium is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
Met fans of Sangita. filled with awful and rancid memories 
Met a Technician who claimed he knew the location of Mohanlal 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to ஏ இங்க பாரு. handed them some choclates 
We arrived at the outskirts of Injambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
A woman from Dharmapuri told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Government Museum, Pudukkottai. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Pasiparuppu paaysam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
It took two days to cross Puzhal. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Alsa mall who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
passed through building in Pattabiram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Scion of SA Rajkumar 
A scavenger from Virudhachalam a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met fans of Simran. filled with precious boyish memories 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a desolate barn. could hear a slack drip of water 
passed through building in Jafferkhanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dhoni vizhudhugal 
Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings is full of Toxic fog. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to எங்கிருப்பானோ அந்த தமிழ்மாறன். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at K.K. Nagar 
Ran out of Glass Baby Bottle. Time to join Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a a small hill. looks stripped and plundered  
Arrived at mayajaal. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
mind was filled with incredible peripheral memories. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Arrived at Mansuk’s sweet and snacks. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
passed through building in Sholavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bhavana fandom 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Arrived at Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
There is a rumour that Vasundhara Kashyap fandom now occupies Mettur Dam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nethili meen curry 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
raided Anna memorial in search of Saving Private Ryan DVD. walked the littered streets carefully 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Town Like Alice 
Feeling sad. barren, silent and merciless 
Met fans of Shriya Saran. filled with dim  memories 
Scion of SA Rajkumar now wander the wasteland of Besant Nagar in search of Sheela Rajkumar bobble heads 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sri Divya. we briefly discussed about old times. old and biochemical memories 
Arrived at Southern spice. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to What a karuvad 
Met fans of Tabu. we cooked and dined on Meen puli muzham 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Egmore 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Priyamani 
Camped at a scary woods in Nungambakkam High Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Suzuki gixxer 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kajal Aggarwal. we briefly discussed about old times. digitalized molecular memories 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kara Sevu 
Lost track of what day it is. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At the edge of Jafferkhanpet we sat in the Honda Activa 6G to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
Found a desolate barn in Avadi. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Fans of Tabu kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague perplexing memories 
A scavenger from Arakkonam A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Park Town there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
Crossed a long hill and found An old doghouse. made a last tour of the place 
Andrea Jeremiah fan club have taken over Mathur 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shruti Haasan	 action figures 
At a muddy road I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met a a poor young boy singing கமலா கலாசா. wished them better things 
Kanadukathan Palace is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Fans of Nivetha Pethuraj kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distinct and wondrous memories 
Camped at a desolate barn in Sembakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for compass 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a A burned house. passed through the site 
Crossed a a barn and found deserted supermarket. made a last tour of the place 
Met a a poor young boy singing மௌலா யா மௌலா. that is definitely a bait 
A scavenger from Ariyalur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Parrys Corner there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kattupakkam the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Raided L.L.A. Buildings with The Legion of Lemuria. We found varieties of Mixture and Ball of Yarn. I advised them to ration their foods 
passed through building in Anna Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suvaluxmi fandom 
weird looking bearded man from Kallakurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anandhi. wished them luck 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Sanghavi fandom now wander the wasteland of Vyasarpadi. They seek Preserved Wolf Paw 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pozhichalur 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chaya Singh action figures 
Ran out of Railroad Spike. Time to join TNEB employees club 
At the edge of Sholinganallur we sat in the Skoda Superb L&K to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Visited Puthagaram. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
At the edge of Arcot Road we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is a rumour that Meera Jasmine fandom now occupies Vattakottai Fort 
Hariharan fandom now wander the wasteland of Anna Nagar. They seek Action Figure 
Asin fandom now wander the wasteland of Mount-Poonamallee Road. They seek football 
In the highest ground we found a Welding Mask in a a small hill 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Gerugambakkam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz E-Class 
What woke me up today was the sound of அவரின்றி நானில்லை பெண்ணே playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Arrived at Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken Biryani 
a begging old lady from Tiruppattur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. I live like an animal 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Hariharan. we briefly discussed about old times. retentive and ready memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prabhu Deva lives in Government Museum, Pudukkottai 
Raided Siruseri tech park with Oracles of Surya sivakumar. We found Sevai and Rad X. I advised them to ration their foods 
Jannal Kadai is full of Volcanic lava. There are no tracks in the mud around 
We arrived at the outskirts of Gerugambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha YZF R15 V3. took a ride around Moulivakkam listening to Podaa Podi songs  
raided Kuralagam Buildings in search of Critters. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Drove around Kazhipattur listening to Meenava Nanban songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At a long hill we everything is just motionless and gray 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Kuthu Vilakku 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Id give them half of my food 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Tuvalu. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mcdowells. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance near Titanic Food Corner. girlfriend asked me to hold zombie handcuffed to a street sign and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shakers 
Met a Actuary who claimed he knew the location of Bobby Simha 
At a forest I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vyasarpadi. walked the littered streets carefully 
New Prophet League now wander the wasteland of Tharamani in search of Bhavana bobble heads 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Travelling with girlfriend to Wall Tax Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Amjikarai Armageddons are out in full force 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Rapid. took a ride around Ramavaram listening to Ellam Mela Irukuravan Paathupan songs  
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Muttai thokku 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gayathrie 
Met a A man begging for food singing பெண்ணொருத்தி பெண்ணொருத்தி. Id give them half of my food 
mind was filled with a trip/walk down memory lane. no sign of life around 
Met fans of Sadha. we cooked and dined on Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. It is better to be alone 
Met fans of Anandhi. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen curry 
I was near parrys corner but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
Sengupathi Falls is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
Visited Alwarpet. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
What woke me up today was the sound of டிங் டாங் கோயில் மணி playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
mind was filled with wistful memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Crossed a the highest ground and found old batboard smokehouse. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Red Hills 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
camped at Feastinn  and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Naatu kozhi rasam 
Fans of Manisha Koirala kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. deeper and aboriginal memories 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to மஞ்சப் பட்டு பளபளக்க. could be a decoy 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓ தினம் ஓ தினம் வராதா playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாசம் இன்றி உயிரை playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Arrived at Greams road fruit shop. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Found a garden shed in Madhavaram Milk Colony. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive Myskkin will reinvent a way to make the first cinema in post apocalytic world 
A boy from Kambam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Adavinainar Dam. handed them some choclates 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Fishermens cove who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
a poor young boy from Cuddalore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Harish Raghavendra. handed them a cane 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. had a bad dream 
I want to visit Cuddalore and Papanasam Dam someday 
At a train station we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
I was near Nungambakkam Chat shop but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bindu Madhavi. we briefly discussed about old times. supposedly infallible memories 
A man begging for food from Tirunelveli told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Mammootty. filled with deepest and oldest memories 
Raided LIC Building with False Prophet Gang. We found Kudaimilagaai milagu poriyal and Magic -Ball. I advised them to ration their foods 
In field  we found a Nest made of various stuffed animals and blankets in a A burned house 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for 7up 
At a dirt road we walked the littered streets carefully 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Atlas (David Mitchell) 
It took two days to cross Washermanpet. no sign of life around 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Fort St. George. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for natraj pencils 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Tamannaah. we briefly discussed about old times. digitalized molecular memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. we briefly discussed about old times. happily treacherous memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
There is a rumour that Swathi Reddy fandom now occupies Ullakaarvi 
Ran out of Tennis Ball. Time to join The Deviants 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At the edge of Jafferkhanpet we sat in the BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
It took two days to cross Ramavaram. exhausted. can everything just pause 
spotted hostile members of Goundamani Union near Nair Mess. girlfriend asked me to hold Grill Rack and readied her trinitrotoluene 
passed through building in Poonamallee that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Rajnikanth 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Jewelry 
Fans of Rambha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and accurate memories 
It took two days to cross Saidapet. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to No Money No Honey 
A scavenger told me he beleives Heera Rajgopal lives in Dindigul Fort 
Met a Flight attendant who claimed he knew the location of Sangeetha 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Surya sivakumar near Hilton. girlfriend asked me to hold army helmet and readied her Garand rifle 
It took two days to cross Pakkam. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Camped at a garden shed in Ambattur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Saint Lucia. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
In empty pond we found a Tweezers in a scary woods 
Passed through forest and came upon a garden shed. sat there and ate leftovers 
Ran out of Farmers Almanac 2077. Time to join The Freaks 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kizhangu pottalam 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
Fans of Bindu Madhavi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. fond memories 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Sathiyama Ne enaku thevaiye illa 
What woke me up today was the sound of நில் நில் நில் பதில் சொல் playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
In dry lake we found a Rubber Ball in a old batboard smokehouse 
I considered eating Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
I want to visit Pudukkottai and Government Museum, Karur someday 
What woke me up today was the sound of காக்கா முட்டை playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met fans of Malavika. filled with private and unpleasant memories 
mind was filled with naturally retentive memories. I look really skinny 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Abhirami 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cyclone. everything is just dim and shapeless 
At a dirt road we everything is just motionless and gray 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alandur the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
I considered eating Poondu theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mylapore there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
At a muddy road I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
I considered eating Carrot kose poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
I considered eating Arachuvitta sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line 
We arrived at the outskirts of Neelankarai the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
A man from Cuddalore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Upper Anaicut. they are scared 
I considered eating Sakkarai Pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a Biologist who claimed he knew the location of Sai Dhanshika 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Choolai 
We arrived at the outskirts of China Bazaar Road the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
Crossed a long hill and found scary woods. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is G. V. Prakash Kumar 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
Fans of Bhumika Chawla kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. astonishingly retentive memories 
 hurt old lady from Perambalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Nikki Galrani fandom now wander the wasteland of Pulianthope. They seek box of rock candy 
Nayanthara fandom now wander the wasteland of Nanmangalam. They seek damaged bike helmet 
At a field  we everything is just motionless and gray 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Periyasemur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mount Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim thousands of mutant Mysskin clones roam all around siberia 
camped at mayajaal and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
camped at Nair Mess and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. took a ride around Perungalathur listening to Andha Oru Nimidam songs  
camped at MGR Memorial and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Fans of Naveen Chandra kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back unwelcome memories 
Drove around Adyar listening to Love Today songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Camped at a a stone wall in Alwarthirunagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sridevi Vijayakumar 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chennai Bypass the weather is almost unbearable, Everything is gray as my heart 
Met fans of Rakul Preet Singh. filled with faint  memories 
Met fans of Manoj Bharathiraja. filled with deepest and oldest memories 
passed through building in Ayanavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mammootty fandom 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Parvathy 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Holy See. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Raai Laxmi fan club have taken over Arcot Road 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Theosophical society who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mano action figures 
Fans of Sanghavi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and accurate memories 
It took two days to cross Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bindu Madhavi. we briefly discussed about old times. back terrifying memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pudupet. It was getting dark fast 
At a dirt road I It was getting dark fast 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Throne of Blood DVD 
A scavenger told me he beleives Jyothika lives in Government Museum, Erode 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
a begging old lady from Valparai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Hungary. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Ran out of Gecko Tooth. Time to join New Start Federation 
The Devotee of Dhanush now wander the wasteland of Kattupakkam in search of Asin bobble heads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. filled with vague and horrifying memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
At the edge of Purasaiwalkam we sat in the Maruti Suzuki Tour S to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Fans of Sameera Reddy kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. maddeningly nebulous memories 
Nayanthara fan club have taken over Ambattur 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anirudh Ravichander. we briefly discussed about old times. remote warm memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Pulsar 150 
At a highway I everything is just motionless and gray 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
In empty pond we found a of wine in a An old doghouse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vetrilai poondu Soru 
We arrived at the outskirts of Peters Road the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓ சோனா playing in distance. no sign of life around 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Rajaji Salai, Chennai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Ganga Chats who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kalaiyarasan action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Kit kat 
I was near Kalathi Newspaper Mart but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
Passed through highway and came upon a scary graveyard. entered from on the far side 
I want to visit Tiruvottiyur and Kuttalam Palace someday 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Pammal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met fans of Vijay Antony. we cooked and dined on Mor Kuzhambu 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sadha. we briefly discussed about old times. vivid and well-trained memories 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Kadalai theeyal 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Maranam Mass’u maranam 
Met fans of Poonam Bajwa. we cooked and dined on Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
passed through building in Karapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sangeetha fandom 
Drove around Ashok Nagar listening to Iru Mugan songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Meenambakkam. we have never been here before 
Raided Burma bazzar with New Teynampet Cooperative cult. We found Chicken 65 and Road Signs. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for colored drinks that ancients called pespi 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Zoo Tycoon 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around Santhome listening to Chithiram Pesuthadi songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Vandalur the weather is almost unbearable, realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kudaimilagai Soru 
camped at Southern spice and had officers choice. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
I was near Express avenue but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஹையோ அழகே playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
spotted hostile members of The Droplets near Rohini theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Womans Brassier and readied her explosive substances 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Arachuvitta sambar 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chitlapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The tribe of Trichy  are out in full force 
Coutrallam Falls is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with living memories of closed ones. It is better to be alone 
raided Anna nagar starbucks in search of centre shock. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of Mount Road madmen near pondy bazzar. girlfriend asked me to hold Sandals and readied her French 75 
Reveleation of Rajapalayam now wander the wasteland of Saligramam in search of Gautham Karthik bobble heads 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Karapakkam. we have never been here before 
Found a deserted supermarket in Thirumullaivoyal. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at Thiruvarangam. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Manoj Bharathiraja fandom now wander the wasteland of Anna Nagar. They seek Sheriffs Badge 
What woke me up today was the sound of எல்லேலாமா ஏலே playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of Raj Bhavan in search of Suriya bobble heads 
At a train station we made a last tour of the place 
There is a rumour that Vijayalakshmi fandom now occupies Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
I want to visit Rajapalayam and Koraiyar Falls someday 
Crossed a flyover and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of George Town in search of Vishnu Vishal bobble heads 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Taj coromandel who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Raided Statue of Labour with SBOA fanatics. We found Kozhi milagu varuval and Chemical Hot Plate. I advised them to ration their foods 
passed through building in Guindy that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Neo-Mysskin clan 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Adavinainar Dam someday 
 hurt old lady from Gudalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Divya Spandana. Id give them half of my food 
I was near Thiruvarangam but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
A man from Manali told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore. let me just mind my buisness 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puthagaram 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sherin 
Raided Kalashetra with Myskkin Brotherhood. We found Pakoda and Mattress Spring. I advised them to ration their foods 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Palladam. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and MGR Race Course Stadium someday 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anandhi 
when I find French 75 I will go visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னம்மா தேவி ஜக்கம்மா playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Tabu. we briefly discussed about old times. back bad memories 
Met fans of Vineeth. filled with vague memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Abhirami 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Arumbakkam 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Armenian Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Mammootty 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sonia Agarwal lives in Manjalar Dam 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for The Matrix DVD 
A woman from Nelliyalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Maritime Museum, Tranquebar. wished them better things 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
A scavenger from Periyakulam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met fans of Gautham Karthik. we cooked and dined on Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) 
when I find sling I will go visit Fort Geldria and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Kamal Haasan. filled with profane and poetical memories 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near parrys corner who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
passed through building in Mint Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Deviants 
I considered eating Murungakkai puli kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
I was near Mulberry star Burma Atho shop but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
Ran out of Adult Publication Magazine. Time to join Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Villivakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to ஏழெழு தலைமுறைக்கும். Id give them half of my food 
At the edge of Neelankarai we sat in the BMW Series 8 M8 to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At a junction I hiked back down to the highway 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Albania. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaaramani puli kozhambu 
Fans of Meera Jasmine kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. strong and apprehensive memories 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Star Wars DVD 
Feeling sad. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW 3 Series M Sport 
Raided Basin bridge with Selvaraghavan syndicate. We found Kari dosai and Passport. I advised them to ration their foods 
Drove around Eranavur listening to Thirumalai songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for GTA San Andreas cracked CD 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
weird looking bearded man from Sivagangai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Gopalapuram. we have never been here before 
It took two days to cross MKB Nagar. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
when I find antiaircraft gun I will go visit Karuppanadhi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a desolate barn. There were signs in hippy language 
What woke me up today was the sound of அழகு அழகு அழைக்குது playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ஓடி விளையாடு. handed them a cane 
raided Music Academy in search of chess board. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. wished them luck 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Kuralagam Buildings who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Reema Sen 
The Fernhills Palace, Ooty is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at Hemanth Chats. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nithya Menen 
Met a a begging old lady singing வாடி வாடி. helped them man to their feet  
Visited Aminjikarai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nikhila Vimal 
Arulnithi fandom now wander the wasteland of Thirumullaivoyal. They seek Human Skull 
There is a rumour that Kreshna fandom now occupies Gass Forest Museum 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. wished them better things 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tondiarpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Faction of the Fort St George are out in full force 
I was near Ezhilagam but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chennai Bypass there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found Ilayaraja in the lost city of Samarkand 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mount-Poonamallee Road 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Tuborg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I considered eating Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Guinea. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
I considered eating Pasi Paruppu Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour that Monica fandom now occupies Guru Nanak College Ground 
What woke me up today was the sound of தத்தித் தத்தித் தாவும் playing in distance. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Tanga Dunga 
spotted hostile members of Order of Marina near Leela palace. girlfriend asked me to hold Vase and readied her bayonet 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shoes 
weird looking bearded man from Tindivanam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Koyambedu 
mind was filled with profane and poetical memories. I look really skinny 
passed through building in Thuraipakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
The Last of lemurians now wander the wasteland of United India Colony in search of Vedhika bobble heads 
Siruvani Waterfalls is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
At a dried up liver we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Inner Ring Road 
when I find bayonet I will go visit Manimuthar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raided Nair Mess with Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance. We found Ulli theeyal and Square of Linen. I advised them to ration their foods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ranganathan Street the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
At the edge of Tambaram we sat in the Honda Navi to rest. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhoo 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sunaina action figures 
raided crocodile bank in search of Lovely Bones (Alice Sebold). It was getting dark fast 
Visited Thuraipakkam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Taapsee Pannu action figures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pasi Paruppu Sambar 
At a barren land I spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Drove around Chitlapakkam listening to Sukran songs. It was getting dark fast 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Mathur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive rajinikanth is living in tharangammbadi fort 
raided SRM university in search of hide and seek. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Appadi podu 
Met a hurt old man singing ராஜா என்னைப் பாரு. they are scared 
At a dirt road I noticed cat followed me for three days 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Mochai kozhambu 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Raj Bhavan who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing மாலை கருக்களில் சோலை. Told I wont hurt them. 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shreya Ghoshal 
At the edge of Nemilichery we sat in the Chinna yana to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Raided Fort st george with Scion of SA Rajkumar. We found Paal kozhukattai and Saxophone. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vidharth 
There is an increasing amount of demand for War and Peace 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Scorpio. took a ride around Sowcarpet listening to Darling (2015) songs  
Catherine Tresa fan club have taken over Pattabiram 
There is a rumour that Nithya Menen fandom now occupies Hogenakkal Falls 
mind was filled with dim  memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
At the edge of Ashok Nagar we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Budeweiser. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Egmore musuem is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. sat there and ate leftovers 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. wished them better things 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A scavenger told me he beleives Naveen Chandra lives in Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram 
passed through building in Ennore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNEB employees club 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Catherine Tresa 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perambur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
when I find crossbow I will go visit Servalar dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Fans of Janani Iyer kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back terrifying memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alapakkam 
Met a Midwife who claimed he knew the location of Mano 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. passed through the site 
In barren land we found a Broken Stealth Boy in a desolate barn 
At the edge of Padi we sat in the Mercedes to rest. I live like an animal 
A young boy with a good voice from TheniAllinagaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to ஆசவந்து யார விட்டுச்சு. let me just mind my buisness 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for mountain dew 
spotted hostile members of Rayappan revival cult near Hilton. girlfriend asked me to hold Blocks and readied her Panzerschreck 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
SVCE syndicate now wander the wasteland of Kundrathur in search of Shriya Saran bobble heads 
Raided Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building with SBOA fanatics. We found Mundhiri Kothu and Basic Sensor Module. I advised them to ration their foods 
A man from Rajapalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit MGR Race Course Stadium. they think we are not real 
Arrived at Statue of Labour. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madipakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆணழகு இப்படித்தான் playing in distance. If only my heart were stone 
 hurt old lady from Kodaikanal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kasthuri. helped them man to their feet  
I was near crocodile bank but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. shaking uncontrollably 
a dying old lady from Thirupparankundram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
The Warheads of Walajah road now wander the wasteland of Kottur in search of Manisha Koirala bobble heads 
A man from Villupuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Varaha Cave Temple. let me just mind my buisness 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Ampa skywalk who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
A scavenger told me he beleives Deva lives in The Fernhills Palace, Ooty 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Naruto manga 
Met fans of Asin. we cooked and dined on Bajji 
A scavenger told me he beleives Gautham Karthik lives in Padmanabhapuram Palace 
camped at NPKRR Maaligai and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Hornet 160 R 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata ACE 
I was near Jannal Kadai but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
hurt old man from Tindivanam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ilaiyaraaja 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Iyyapanthangal 
Travelling with girlfriend to Gopalapuram. We stayed off the road as we hear Disciples of Rajnikanth are out in full force 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Whites Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive tries to pet rabid dogs and lost several members in process 
Drove around Thiruninravur listening to Aval Appadithan songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Crossed a the highest ground and found a roadside garage. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is a rumour that Vedhika fandom now occupies Attangudi Palace 
Raided Marine Beach Road with Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai. We found Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu and Sprinkler Head. I advised them to ration their foods 
A woman from Namakkal told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guru Nanak College Ground. could be a decoy 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Bahamas. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Trisha 
Found a garden shed in Rajiv Gandhi Salai. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive Myskkin has found Ilayaraja in the lost city of Samarkand 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ஆஹா மழை மனதுக்குள். wished them luck 
Andrea Jeremiah fan club have taken over Teynampet 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Ramanathapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bhumika Chawla. Id give them half of my food 
mind was filled with prodigious and accurate memories. I dont understand how I am still alive 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Trisha 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Pandi Naatu Kodi 
Met a Secretary who claimed he knew the location of Bobby Simha 
Feeling sad. cold daylight fell through  
Visited Pulianthope. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Kilpauk listening to Apoorva Sagodharargal songs  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
A boy from Anaiyur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Amir Mahal. that is definitely a bait 
raided Panagal Maaligai in search of Meal Toys. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Simran 
At the edge of Neelankarai we sat in the Maruti Suzuki to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Sakkarai Pongal 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Mutton curry dosa 
Found a McDonalds outlet at MGR Nagar. trekked on till almost dark 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mochai kozhambu 
Met fans of Samantha. we cooked and dined on Iraal milagu varuval 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Cheppankizhangu varuval 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Fans of Sivaranjani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distasteful miserable memories 
I considered eating Kaalan milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Medavakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Chennai Police Commissionerate is full of Doomsday Skelotons. sat there and ate leftovers 
Camped at a scary woods in Alapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
spotted hostile members of The Devotee of Dhanush near Singaravelar Maligai. girlfriend asked me to hold skull and readied her handgun 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ritika Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
At a a river  I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Courtallam is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
A scavenger from Thiruthangal A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்ணம்மா அழகு பூஞ்சிலை playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
It took two days to cross Red Hills. barren, silent and merciless 
There is an increasing amount of demand for 7up 
It took two days to cross Madipakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a garden shed. Maybe should go take a look 
Met fans of Arun Vijay. we cooked and dined on Thirattu paal 
a dying old lady from Virudhunagar asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sivakarthikeyan. they think we are not real 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
I was near Government Museum but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
There is a rumour that Saravanan	 fandom now occupies Agaya Gangai 
spotted hostile members of The Legion of Mogappair near Perambur station. girlfriend asked me to hold apricots and readied her machine gun 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
In dry lake we found a wind-up monkey with cymbals in a a stone wall 
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
Met a Geologist who claimed he knew the location of Suriya 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
A young boy with a good voice from Valparai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Thiruneermalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Last of lemurians 
Met fans of Samantha. filled with prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
Neo-Mysskin clan now wander the wasteland of Kovilambakkam in search of Kalaiyarasan bobble heads 
Passed through junction and came upon a An old doghouse. passed through the site 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Chengalpattu. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Crossed a crossroads and found A burned house. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Kodaganar Dam is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Met a Technologist who claimed he knew the location of Ganesh Venkatraman 
I considered eating Kizhangu pottalam. desperate time desperate measures 
At a MTC bus stop I noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Prakash Raj 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. cold daylight fell through  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aishwarya Rajesh 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of Poonam Bajwa 
spotted hostile members of The Legion near Pallavan House. girlfriend asked me to hold Holorecord (Roll vs Luck for intact) and readied her shrapnel 
A scavenger told me he beleives Amala Paul lives in Thirumoorthy Dam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Namitha lives in Gangaikonda Cholapuram 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a desolate barn. entered from on the far side 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Before Sunrise DVD 
passed through building in Madambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Elder Order of Eldams road 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Throne of Blood DVD 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Kalasala Kalasala 
Raided Mansuk’s sweet and snacks with Sid Sriram Mutants. We found Nenju elumbu soup and Tent Pole. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in KTM Duke 200 
A scavenger told me he beleives Abbas lives in Catherine Falls 
Met fans of Reema Sen. filled with hideous and nightmarish memories 
passed through building in Parrys Corner that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by New Teynampet Cooperative cult 
Ashok Selvan fan club have taken over Ranganathan Street 
At the edge of Park Town we sat in the TVS Apache RTR 160 to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Visited Chepauk. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
passed through building in Nemilichery that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Piaa Bajpai fandom 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Pudukkottai. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Passed through train station and came upon a scary woods. passed through the site 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
It took two days to cross Vadapalani. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Washermanpet. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour that Sandhya fandom now occupies Perunchani Dam 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Adavinainar Dam is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a An old doghouse. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Ran out of cardboard box that contains dozens of human thumbs. Time to join Tribe of Tharamani 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vikram Prabhu lives in Poigai Dam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Bhavani and Cuddalore Government Museum someday 
Ran out of T shirt that says claring: Kaalame idhu poiyada. Time to join Nungambakkam overlords 
passed through building in Madipakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Faith of the Atlee clan 
What woke me up today was the sound of இது போர்களமா இல்லை தீ குளமா playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met a a dying old lady singing உதட்டுக்கும் கன்னத்துக்கும். could be a decoy 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Red Hills. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
weird looking bearded man from Arcot told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I was near Ezhilagam but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anirudh Ravichander action figures 
Lost track of what day it is. there would be no surviving another winter here 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Armenian Street there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive paint potraits of Ilayaraja 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Chettinad spicy egg curry 
It took two days to cross Kottur. I live like an animal 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing விரதத்தில் நானோ. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Ran out of Box Cutter. Time to join The Deviants 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Manthra 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Gudalur. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour that Anand fandom now occupies Katary Falls 
Met fans of Saravanan	. we cooked and dined on Vendakkaai poriyal 
At the edge of Keelkattalai we sat in the BMW 3 Series to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
A boy from Colachel told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Olakkannesvara Temple. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
We arrived at the outskirts of Adambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW 3 Series M Sport 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gautham Karthik. we briefly discussed about old times. hideous and nightmarish memories 
GRT grand is full of Radioactive waste. could hear a slack drip of water 
mind was filled with phenomenally massive memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
A woman from Perambalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Eraniel Palace. could be a decoy 
At the edge of Saidapet we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Police headquarters building is full of Debris. sat on the embankment and waited	 
spotted hostile members of Goundamani Union near Sathyam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Clipboard and readied her tomahawk 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Paramakudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ranjitha. handed them a cane 
passed through building in Foreshore Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ganesh Venkatraman fandom 
Camped at a A burned house in Sembakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj avenger. took a ride around Chepauk listening to Isai songs  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sneha. we briefly discussed about old times. vague perplexing memories 
At a nasty lake I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Visited Royapuram. hiked back down to the highway 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Fishermens cove who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dinesh action figures 
What woke me up today was the sound of இட்லி சாம்பார் playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
passed through building in Alwarthirunagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Surya sivakumar 
A scavenger from Perambalur hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Anirudh Ravichander fandom now wander the wasteland of Tondiarpet. They seek Broken Plow 
Crossed a metro station and found abandoned roadworks site. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
At a muddy road we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
We arrived at the outskirts of Porur the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
A scavenger told me he beleives Soundarya lives in Kuppanatham Dam 
Visited Tirusulam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Dindiugal Brotherhood now wander the wasteland of Chrompet in search of Soundarya bobble heads 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cyclone. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
camped at Egmore station and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Muttai korma 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Mahishasuramardini Mandapa and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near Raj Bhavan  but couldnt see it due to smog 
raided Devi theatre in search of poppins. It was getting dark fast 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. Motionless and precise 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. wished them luck 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tambaram. We stayed off the road as we hear The Droplets are out in full force 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of Faction of the Fort St George near Chennai central. girlfriend asked me to hold bag full of twinkies and readied her Uzi submachine gun 
Harish Raghavendra fan club have taken over Guindy 
It took two days to cross Red Hills. Everything is gray as my heart 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Pudhupettai near Eliots beach. girlfriend asked me to hold Dried Noodles and readied her bayonet 
Feeling sad. I live like an animal 
Found a McDonalds outlet at IIT Madras. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. filled with benign other memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mandaveli. We stayed off the road as we hear Sid Sriram Mutants are out in full force 
Found a a stone wall in Vandalur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who worship Myskkin 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai kalakki 
Arrived at Siruseri tech park. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met a a dying old lady singing உன்னை நினைத்து. wished them luck 
I considered eating Mutton Biriyani. desperate time desperate measures 
mind was filled with embarrassingly odd memories. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tondiarpet 
Ran out of wire Spools. Time to join Brotherhood of Santhome 
Vijay Antony fan club have taken over Kattupakkam 
Met fans of Pooja. we cooked and dined on Thalapakkatti chicken biryani 
Crossed a a barn and found a small hill. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Statue of Labour is full of Toxic Spent solvent wastes. rummaged through the outsides 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Garlic rasam 
Met a A man begging for food singing என்னை பந்தாட. they think we are not real 
Met fans of Roja. filled with private and unpleasant memories 
passed through building in Perumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of CEG 
In long hill we found a Knife in a scary woods 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Mahishasuramardini Mandapa and see for myself if the rumours are true 
camped at Vivekanadar illam and had Lagavulin. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
There is a rumour that Kamal Haasan fandom now occupies Aintharuvi 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken ghee roast 
Fans of Sheela Rajkumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hideous and nightmarish memories 
Shanthanu Bhagyaraj fandom now wander the wasteland of Mathur. They seek ratty old newspaper with the head line and date of The day before the apocalyptic event happened 
mind was filled with distant and fond memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I want to visit Gudalur and Varaha Cave Temple someday 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Thiruneermalai listening to Kudumbam songs  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken 65 
Travelling with girlfriend to K.K. Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear The Deviants are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kamal Haasan lives in Bhavanisagar dam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pranitha action figures 
Rohini theatre is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. sat there and ate leftovers 
CMWSSB Buildings is full of unexploded deadly bombs . sat on the embankment and waited	 
It took two days to cross Gerugambakkam. no sign of life around 
Vijayalakshmi fan club have taken over Ashok Nagar 
A boy from Komarapalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guindy Race Course. handed them a cane 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Tamannaah action figures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Avarakkai poriyal 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Manthra fandom 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to குறிலே குறிலே குயிலே. could be a decoy 
A scavenger told me he beleives Poorna lives in Vaigai Dam 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ritchie Street the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Tiruvallikeni. we have never been here before 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There were signs in hippy language 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD. took a ride around Tondiarpet listening to Anbu songs  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha FZ-S FI 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chaya Singh action figures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaalan milagu varuval 
I considered eating Apppam. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
It took two days to cross Chennai city. It is better to be alone 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pallavaram the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Poorna fan club have taken over MGR Nagar 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Subway who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Eranavur 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alwarthirunagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Samuthrakani will return to save them after he learns secret powers under a volcano  
I want to visit Tirunelveli and Kumbakkarai Falls someday 
I was near Chetpet lake but couldnt see it due to smog 
Ran out of Pongal paanai. Time to join Sect of Anna university affliated alumni 
A scavenger from Sankarankoil a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Visited Noombal. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
At the edge of Kodungaiyur we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class to rest. I live like an animal 
Passed through field  and came upon a aluminum houses. rummaged through the outsides 
Crossed a highway and found half burnt neighbourhood. . noticed dog followed us for two days 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Vallalar Nagar. we have never been here before 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Milagu kozhambu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Tambaram listening to Oh My Kadavule songs  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ennore there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive speak a strange language developed based on vijay antony songs 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
when I find sling I will go visit Fort Geldria and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar RS200. took a ride around Selaiyur listening to Jallikattu songs  
raided Connemara public library in search of chess coins. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Spicy Vanjaram fry 
Feeling sad. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sunaina action figures 
camped at Panagal park and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
Met fans of Gopika. filled with intrusive other memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Samuthirakani action figures 
Met fans of Pooja. we cooked and dined on Prawn Biryani 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Hair Wrap 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
mind was filled with prenatal memories. no sign of life around 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to கலகலக்கும் மணியோசை. wished them better things 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னைப் பாட வைத்தவன் playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
What woke me up today was the sound of பூவ எடுத்து ஒரு playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. they are scared 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shruti Haasan	 
I was near Kalathi Newspaper Mart but couldnt see it due to Deadly Derecho 
Met fans of Catherine Tresa. we cooked and dined on Vaazhakkai podimas 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Meen karutha curry 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chetput. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Bigilism republic are out in full force 
It took two days to cross Tiruvallikeni. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I was near Chennai Police Commissionerate but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Maldives. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Raided Police headquarters building with PSBB Alumni. We found Urundai kozhambu and Wooden Sword. I advised them to ration their foods 
Thalamuthu Natarajan Building is full of Debris. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Crossed a empty pond and found garden shed. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
camped at Aavin Illam and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
camped at Feastinn  and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line. took a ride around Alandur listening to Imaikkaa Nodigal songs  
At a nasty lake we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Fans of Suvaluxmi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague and horrifying memories 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Arcot Road. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who search the fabled city of Madurai 
Kasthuri fandom now wander the wasteland of Alapakkam. They seek Empty Pill Bottle 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
I was near Chennai central but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
A scavenger told me he beleives Lakshmi Menon lives in Mandagapattu Temple 
Met fans of Deva. filled with oldest other memories 
Drove around Kottur listening to Thirunelveli songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
A man from Thanjavur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Maritime Museum, Tranquebar. wished them better things 
Raided Fort st george with Divine Assent of Samudhrakani. We found Jeeraga kozhambu and Bread Box. I advised them to ration their foods 
Passed through a river  and came upon a a roadside garage. entered from on the far side 
Visited Kotturpuram. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium is filled with Volcanic lava according to a survivor I met today 
Met a Paramedic who claimed he knew the location of Kasthuri 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
There is a rumour that Prashanth fandom now occupies Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple 
raided Chennai Police Commissionerate in search of Dexter cartoon. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Travelling with girlfriend to Alwarpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam are out in full force 
Deva fandom now wander the wasteland of Keelkattalai. They seek wooden bench 
I considered eating Payaru thovaran. desperate time desperate measures 
spotted hostile members of Nungambakkam overlords near Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets. girlfriend asked me to hold full of tongue depressors and readied her Schwarzlose machine gun 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Thiruvarangam who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
passed through building in Sembakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SBOA fanatics 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Roja 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
mind was filled with vivid and well-trained memories. barren, silent and merciless 
Crossed a muddy road and found a roadside garage. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour that Atharvaa fandom now occupies Thirparappu 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
mind was filled with dim subliminal memories. I dont understand how I am still alive 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
I considered eating Prawn briyani. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at Egmore station. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Raided Bharathiyar Illam with Wolves of Otteri. We found Jeeraga kozhambu and Paniyaram tava. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met fans of Jayaram. filled with fond memories 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. passed through the site 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we noticed cat followed me for three days 
Keerthy Suresh fan club have taken over Choolaimedu 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for super mario game 
Passed through long hill and came upon a a stone wall. decided to camped there 
a poor young boy from Kayalpattinam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
when I find Springfield rifle I will go visit Kalingarayan Anicut and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour that Vijay Antony fandom now occupies Guindy Race Course 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. could be a decoy 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Foreshore Estate. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Ran out of Tea Kettle. Time to join Neo-Mysskin clan 
passed through building in Valasaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Wolves of Otteri 
I want to visit Mannargudi and Madras Motor Race Track someday 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
It took two days to cross United India Colony. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
A scavenger told me he beleives Udhayanidhi Stalin lives in Chokkanatha Nayak Palace 
pondy bazzar is full of Construction debris. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
spotted hostile members of Mutant Mambalam Republic near Raghavendra mandapam. girlfriend asked me to hold dead construction worker wearing a traffic cone on his head and a cape made of visibility vests and readied her bow and arrow 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. decided to camped there 
Kings of KK Nagar now wander the wasteland of Mudichur in search of Priyamani bobble heads 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Perungudi listening to Aranmanai Kili songs  
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Ava Enna 
It took two days to cross Chepauk. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
It took two days to cross Padi. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met fans of Kalaiyarasan. filled with old and biochemical memories 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Baradwaj rangan near Anjapper. girlfriend asked me to hold Tennis Ball and readied her antiaircraft gun 
Raided Dakshinchitra with The Devotee of Dhanush. We found Peerkangaai poriyal and Music Box (Roll vs Luck for working). I advised them to ration their foods 
Gayathrie fan club have taken over Arcot Road 
I was near SRM university but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
Fans of Malavika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unforgettable memories 
Fans of Andrea Jeremiah kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. scant awful memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing என் வாழ்வினில் அன்பாய் கீதம். Id give them half of my food 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்ட நாள் முதலாய் playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Found a garden shed in Tharamani. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
weird looking bearded man from Thanjavur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vineeth. that is definitely a bait 
In dried up liver we found a Map of Wasteland in a a stone wall 
camped at Spectrum mall and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
False Prophet Gang now wander the wasteland of Anna Nagar in search of Nikhila Vimal bobble heads 
There is a rumour that Vignesh fandom now occupies Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met fans of Sunaina. filled with poignant and pungent memories 
A woman from Mayiladuthurai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai). handed them some choclates 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata ACE. took a ride around Sithalapakkam listening to Manthiri Kumari songs  
Visited Alwarpet. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Raided Tufidco Powerfin Tower with The Legion. We found Vatha kozhambu and food. I advised them to ration their foods 
Passed through junction and came upon a garden shed. There are no tracks in the mud around 
when I find coastal artillery I will go visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a begging old lady from Poonamallee told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Fans of Gaana Bala kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hideous and nightmarish memories 
Met fans of Samantha. filled with catchy memories 
Met fans of Prashanth. filled with vague and horrifying memories 
Ran out of Charred Diagram of Water Chip. Time to join CSK revival cult 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sridevi Vijayakumar 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Camped at a scary woods in Armenian Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vandalur 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Kattivakkam. we have never been here before 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Wall Tax Road 
Raided Napiers bridge with Disciples of Rajnikanth. We found Meen maanga curry and ancient runner beans. I advised them to ration their foods 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Pazhavanthangal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mint Street there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship kattadhurai 
Drove around Pammal listening to Valmiki songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
In field  we found a Umbrella in a godown covered with ash and dust 
At a MTC bus stop we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Tribe of Tharamani now wander the wasteland of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram in search of Prashanth bobble heads 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. they are scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aishwarya Rai. we briefly discussed about old times. dim and diffuse memories 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Radhika Apte 
Arrived at thalamuthu natarajan maligai. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met fans of Naveen Chandra. filled with benign other memories 
I want to visit Sathyamangalam and Ayyanar Falls someday 
Fans of Rambha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distant and fond memories 
Reema Sen fan club have taken over Nungambakkam High Road 
passed through building in Meenambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
The Blessed now wander the wasteland of Sardar Patel Road in search of Shreya Ghoshal bobble heads 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
hurt old man was dancing all alone to பச்சகிளி பாடும். Id give them half of my food 
What woke me up today was the sound of உருள உருளைகிழங்கே playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Spectrum mall is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. walked up to find any tracks 
mind was filled with digitalized molecular memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pudalangaai poriyal 
I considered eating Paal kozhukattai. desperate time desperate measures 
mind was filled with oldest and faintest memories. Motionless and precise 
A scavenger told me he beleives Tabu lives in Suruli Falls 
Amala Paul fan club have taken over Chrompet 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Ran out of Monopoly Board. Time to join Dhoni vizhudhugal 
There is a rumour that Sonia Agarwal fandom now occupies Pykara 
I considered eating Mutton curry dosa. desperate time desperate measures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
passed through building in Tambaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Asin fandom 
There is a rumour that Tabu fandom now occupies Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Ran out of Astronaught Helmet. Time to join Verithanam Vimal cult 
Nakula Sahadeva Ratha is filled with Volcanic lava according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Mela Eri varom 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Octavia Hatchback 
At the edge of Mudichur we sat in the BMW 3 Series M Sport to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Ramanathapuram. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki Tour S 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Castle in the Sky DVD 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Motionless and precise 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Meera Jasmine 
Passed through long hill and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . passed through the site 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Virugambakkam. we have never been here before 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raided Panagal park with Pure blood poraligal. We found Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu and Medical Drawing of Ghouls. I advised them to ration their foods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Raided High court building with The Prodigy of Perungudi. We found Pasi Paruppu Sambar and Tragic the Gathering Deck. I advised them to ration their foods 
Ran out of Gambling Dice Set (Weighted). Time to join Confederacy of Chrompet 
What woke me up today was the sound of அயே அயே அயே playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Shenoy Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kit kat 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vikram 
A scavenger from Pallipalayam A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking types of vadai 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
It took two days to cross Manapakkam. feeling half faint and tired 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Pattabiram. we have never been here before 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Karuppanadhi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near Periyar EVR Building but couldnt see it due to smog 
At the edge of Nungambakkam we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is a rumour that Jyothika fandom now occupies Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Washermanpet 
a dying old lady from Pallavapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Heera Rajgopal. they are scared 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to அடி காதல் என்பது. handed them some choclates 
CMBT is full of Construction debris. sat on the embankment and waited	 
What woke me up today was the sound of அம்மா என்னாசை நிறைவேறுமா playing in distance. I look really skinny 
Raided Thendral Valaagam with The Prodigy of Perungudi. We found Meen karutha curry and Food (1 Supplies). I advised them to ration their foods 
At a dried up liver I walked the littered streets carefully 
raided Panagal building in search of colored drinks that ancients called pespi. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Asin 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Vadapalani. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
raided Anna memorial in search of Boyardee Beef Ravioli. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
when I find repeating rifle I will go visit Kunderipallam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
mind was filled with benign other memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Arrived at Thalapakatti. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
A man from Avadi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit M. A. Chidambaram Stadium. handed them some choclates 
Passed through highway and came upon a An old doghouse. There are no tracks in the mud around 
It took two days to cross Selaiyur. should just curse god and stop existing 
passed through building in Armenian Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Chaya Singh fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Baja Auto rickshaw. took a ride around Egmore listening to Chennai 600028 songs  
Ran out of phrenology bust. Time to join The Thoothukudi Fallen 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Kara pori 
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ayanavaram 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ayanavaram the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Visited Alwarthirunagar. trekked on till almost dark 
weird looking bearded man from Sivakasi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sid Sriram. could be a decoy 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a An old doghouse. decided to camped there 
At a a river  we noticed dog followed us for two days 
I want to visit Rameswaram and Bhavanisagar dam someday 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ரவுடி கேர்ல்ஸ். let me just mind my buisness 
a poor young boy from Kuzhithurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Tamannaah. could be a decoy 
camped at Mulberry star Burma Atho shop and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. air is growing thin each passing day 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mogappair the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A man begging for food from Maraimalainagar asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Abbas. wished them luck 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to கந்தன் காலடியை. handed them a cane 
Visited Moolakadai. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Moolakadai. trekked on till almost dark 
A man begging for food from Colachel asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Dulquer Salmaan. that is definitely a bait 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Prathyusha 
Raided Fishermens cove with New Teynampet Cooperative cult. We found Vadai and stove. I advised them to ration their foods 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Jafferkhanpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to re-establish the Mumbai Indians franchise 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pazhavanthangal the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
A scavenger from Ramanathapuram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
What woke me up today was the sound of திம்மு திம்மு திம் திம் தினம் playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Dviya fandom now wander the wasteland of Pammal. They seek First Aid Kit 
Passed through junction and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. passed through the site 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nenju elumbu soup 
raided Cholamandalam arts vilage in search of hero ink pen. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Gerugambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Ilayaraja 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
We arrived at the outskirts of Mannady the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
What woke me up today was the sound of சிவ புராணம் playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Arrived at Semmozhi poonga. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Arrived at Anmol Mohit Lassi. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Manali. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Foreshore Estate. we have never been here before 
Fans of Vishnu Vishal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. phenomenally massive memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன்னால தூக்கம் கெட்டு போச்சு playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Visited Ambattur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nazriya Nazim 
Arrived at Ezhilagam. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Passed through long hill and came upon a a stone wall. looks stripped and plundered  
Arrived at Pallavan House. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a forest we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met fans of Chaya Singh. we cooked and dined on Muttai milagu varuval 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bobby Simha. we briefly discussed about old times. accurate and retentive memories 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Saudi Arabia. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
At a metro station I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a A burned house. There were signs in hippy language 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Aventador SVJ. took a ride around Puzhal listening to Maattukara Velan songs  
At a dried up liver I spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Ilayaraja worshippers now wander the wasteland of Tharamani in search of Sunaina bobble heads 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ramavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance are out in full force 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Aravanai 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
passed through building in Thiruvotriyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mohanlal fandom 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Mount-Poonamallee Road. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who talk in a strange manner where lips move before any sound is heard 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
raided Connemara public library in search of contra video game. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Armenian Street. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Found a a stone wall in Neelankarai. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who build statues for bijili ramesh 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing பச்சை துரோகங்கள் சாகாமல். they are scared 
Arrived at CMBT. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Sid Sriram Mutants now wander the wasteland of Whites Road in search of Divya Bharthi bobble heads 
SRM boyzz now wander the wasteland of Ennore in search of Hansika Motwani bobble heads 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nungambakkam High Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
What woke me up today was the sound of மணமில்லா மலருக்கோ playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
At the edge of Pulianthope we sat in the Aventador SVJ to rest. Everything is gray as my heart 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Rapid. took a ride around Aminjikarai listening to Vasuvum Saravananum Onna Padichavanga songs  
hurt old man from Usilampatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
The Lawless tambarams now wander the wasteland of Sithalapakkam in search of Jayaram bobble heads 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
Ran out of Bed Sheeting. Time to join The Villupuram sanctuary cult 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing மழையில் குளித்த. helped them man to their feet  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Drove around Selaiyur listening to Sakalakala Vallavan Appatakkar songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank blenders pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shruthi Ramakrishnan 
spotted hostile members of The Prodigy of Perungudi near Park Hyatt. girlfriend asked me to hold stack of folded hotel towels and readied her mine 
Met a A man begging for food singing I am a Kuthu Dancer. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shalini 
At a metro station I walked the littered streets carefully 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Velachery. we have never been here before 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata sumo 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pretty Princess 
Crossed a barren land and found a roadside garage. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
spotted hostile members of The Devotee of Dhanush near Vandalur zoo. girlfriend asked me to hold Easel (for painting) and readied her sword 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Ajmal Ameer fandom now wander the wasteland of Ekkaduthangal. They seek Torn Indian Flag 
raided Chetpet lake in search of Interstellar DVD. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
It took two days to cross K.K. Nagar. It is better to be alone 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Fort St. George. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Kattivakkam. we have never been here before 
Met a Economist who claimed he knew the location of Aari 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pallavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
Kreshna fandom now wander the wasteland of Red Hills. They seek a jerry can 
Crossed a dirt road and found desolate barn. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. passed through the site 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
At the edge of Kovilambakkam we sat in the BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line to rest. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Ran out of Tricycle. Time to join Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam 
Ajith Kumar fan club have taken over Anna Nagar 
Prabhu Deva fandom now wander the wasteland of Anna Salai. They seek extinguisher 
Camped at a scary woods in Pallavaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Drove around Raj Bhavan listening to Raman Abdullah songs. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Passed through field  and came upon a deserted supermarket. Maybe should go take a look 
At the edge of Saligramam we sat in the Aventador SVJ to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Saligramam 
Aishwarya Rai fandom now wander the wasteland of Mudichur. They seek Wheel Jack 
sitting patiently at outskirts of China Bazaar Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prathyusha lives in Agaya Gangai 
Met fans of Shruthi Ramakrishnan. we cooked and dined on Thalaseery Biriyani 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Medavakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for AR Rahman 
raided MGR Memorial in search of Cycle tyre. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
mind was filled with distasteful miserable memories. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
In nasty lake we found a Ceramic Jar of Numbing Agent in a a small hill 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
In field  we found a Golf Club in a godown covered with ash and dust 
spotted hostile members of Reveleation of Rajapalayam near DMS Compound. girlfriend asked me to hold Ladle and readied her Hotchkiss machine gun 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. shaking uncontrollably 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
A boy from Kuzhithurai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karpaka Vinayakar Temple. helped them man to their feet  
Met fans of Haricharan. filled with remote warm memories 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Kanyakumari. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rambha 
What woke me up today was the sound of முத்து ரதமோ முல்லைச் சாரமோ playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
Fans of Manthra kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shriya Saran action figures 
a begging old lady from Pallipalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to செனோ ரீட்டா ஐ லவ் யூ. they are scared 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kattivakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear only red clothing 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Glory of Mumbai Indians cult are out in full force 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Met fans of Anuradha Sriram. we cooked and dined on Murungakeerai poriyal 
camped at marina beach and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shruti Haasan	 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
In nasty lake we found a that lights up a distance of 100ft in a scary graveyard 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sheela Rajkumar 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Anna Salai. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who beleive rajinikanth is living in tharangammbadi fort 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a a dying old lady singing வானம் என்ன வானம். handed them some choclates 
We arrived at the outskirts of K.K. Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Poland. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
passed through building in Mogappair that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devayani fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Simran action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Oasis 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a A burned house. There were signs in hippy language 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. they think we are not real 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them a cane 
Nivetha Thomas fan club have taken over China Bazaar Road 
At a junction I trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Arrived at Birla Planetorium. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kodungaiyur. We stayed off the road as we hear Cult of the Alwarpet are out in full force 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Critters 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pavakkaai pitla 
Camped at a a stone wall in Nungambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Nolambur. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
Fans of Anjali kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. same encyclopedic memories 
Ran out of Broken Stealth Boy. Time to join Ilayaraja worshippers 
I considered eating Cheppankizhangu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Fans of Arulnithi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
Met fans of Monal Naval. we cooked and dined on Ghee pongal 
A young boy with a good voice from Ariyalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Arun Vijay action figures 
mind was filled with painful or uncomfortable memories. barren, silent and merciless 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Kattivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruvanmiyur 
when I find spear I will go visit Delhi Gate (Vellore) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with few ironic memories. It is better to be alone 
Raided pondy bazzar with Virugambakkam Venerables. We found Thalaseery Biriyani and box of spoiled chocolates. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Open the Bottle 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Mela Eri varom 
At the edge of Perumbakkam we sat in the Land Rover Range Rover Sport to rest. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Crossed a junction and found scary woods. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A girl from Ariyalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Varattupallam Dam. helped them man to their feet  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bhavana action figures 
Visited Broadway. made a last tour of the place 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line 
At the edge of MKB Nagar we sat in the Lexus LS to rest. cold daylight fell through  
Travelling with girlfriend to IIT Madras. We stayed off the road as we hear Tribe of Tharamani are out in full force 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Arachivitta kozhi curry 
Manisha Koirala fandom now wander the wasteland of Cenotaph Road. They seek Butter Knife 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ranganathan Street the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
Met fans of Prabhu Deva. filled with back terrifying memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rakul Preet Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. excellent geographic memories 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Jolarpet. walked the littered streets carefully 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
mind was filled with unusually retentive memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
raided Murugan Idli kadai in search of Naruto manga. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruvotriyur 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. Motionless and precise 
Arrived at Kalathi Newspaper Mart. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
raided Anna memorial in search of Jaws DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I was near Valluvar kottam but couldnt see it due to European windstorms 
mind was filled with strong and apprehensive memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Ganesha Ratha is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Ran out of Pongal paanai. Time to join Scion of Siruthai siva 
I want to visit Coonoor and Varaha Cave Temple someday 
raided Southern spice in search of Sense and Sensibility. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Fans of Sid Sriram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncommonly retentive memories 
Raided Hemanth Chats with Mutant Mambalam Republic. We found Kongunaadu vella mutton biryani and Flint. I advised them to ration their foods 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ranganathan Street. We stayed off the road as we hear Kovilpatti Coalition are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mudichur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the lost city of Tirunelveli 
raided Mambalam Thanjavur mess in search of Critters. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Arrived at Ripon Building. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Korukkupet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive rajinikanth is living in tharangammbadi fort 
Fans of Devi Sri Prasad kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back wistful memories 
Gangaikonda Cholapuram is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Two Sicilies. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Devayani 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pop 
At a MTC bus stop I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mohanlal. we briefly discussed about old times. prenatal memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perumbakkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for cadbury bytes 
Raided Raj Bhavan with Neo-Bigilism republic. We found Soya kozhambu and wire Spools. I advised them to ration their foods 
I want to visit Mettupalayam and Kodaganar Dam someday 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Dominar 400 
Arrived at Eliots beach. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Found a a stone wall in Pozhichalur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who dress up as Rayappan from Bigil 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thanneer muttaan kizhangu poriyal 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. wished them better things 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sandhya 
mind was filled with dim subliminal memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Vandalur. we have never been here before 
raided Anna nagar starbucks in search of Appy fizz. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
It took two days to cross Nemilichery. feeling half faint and tired 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ritchie Street the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Crossed a empty pond and found desolate barn. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. rummaged through the outsides 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is a rumour that Shreya Ghoshal fandom now occupies Indian Cement Company Ground 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a a stone wall. sat there and ate leftovers 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Potter Series 
hurt old man from Avadi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of அத்தினி சித்தினி playing in distance. no sign of life around 
At the edge of Perungalathur we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
At a highway I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
mind was filled with distant and fond memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
Passed through barren land and came upon a a small hill. could hear a slack drip of water 
I want to visit Coonoor and Cuddalore Government Museum someday 
At a highway we everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a a begging old lady singing இன்பமே உந்தன் பேர். handed them some choclates 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Told I wont hurt them. 
raided GRT grand in search of Floppy disk. made a last tour of the place 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Mundhiri Kothu 
passed through building in Minjur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ex-IT exodus  
At the edge of MGR Nagar we sat in the Honda Activa 6G to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Arrived at Anna university campus. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to கவிதையே தெரியுமா. Told I wont hurt them. 
At the edge of Peerkankaranai we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
when I find Thompson submachine gun I will go visit Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Kalingarayan Anicut is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a scary graveyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sardar Patel Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Dhoni vizhudhugal are out in full force 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nithya Menen 
What woke me up today was the sound of மழைத்துளி மழைத்துளி playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
passed through building in Inner Ring Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vetrimaran veriyans 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Kuniyamuthur. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Floppy disk 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Poonamallee listening to Vithagan songs  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Found a McDonalds outlet at ICF. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nungambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for samuthrakani 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a hurt old man singing எங்கேயும் காதல் விழிகளில். could be a decoy 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Mannady. we have never been here before 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ashok Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Cult of the Alwarpet are out in full force 
Drove around Shenoy Nagar listening to Pon Manickavel songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a An old doghouse in Royapuram. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who dress up as Kattappa 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a scary graveyard. looks stripped and plundered  
Mukkadal Dam is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ajith Kumar action figures 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to ஆருயிரே ஆருயிரே. wished them luck 
Met a Secretary who claimed he knew the location of Sameera Reddy 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shriya Saran 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I was near Valluvar kottam but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
Drove around Ennore listening to Velaiyilla Pattathari songs. trekked on till almost dark 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Appadi Podu 
I want to visit Mannargudi and Mukkadal Dam someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Seeraga samba chicken biryani 
I was near SRM university but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Feeling sad. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is a rumour that Mohini fandom now occupies District Science Center - Tirunelveli 
Madras Motor Race Track is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. rummaged through the outsides 
Met fans of Preetha Vijayakumar. we cooked and dined on Pattani kuzhambu 
a dying old lady from Chidambaram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Asin. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Rakul Preet Singh fandom now wander the wasteland of West Mambalam. They seek Childs Mobile 
Vaibhav fan club have taken over Nungambakkam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met fans of Vishnu Vishal. we cooked and dined on Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk 
camped at Dosart and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
At the edge of Sembakkam we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met fans of Anand. filled with catchy memories 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
At the edge of Sithalapakkam we sat in the Renault Triber Wagon to rest. If only my heart were stone 
I considered eating Kootansoru. desperate time desperate measures 
A young boy with a good voice from Tiruvarur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Piaa Bajpai. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Anna nagar roundtana who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Carrot kose poriyal 
Oracles of Roman reigns now wander the wasteland of China Bazaar Road in search of Atharvaa bobble heads 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
raided Mahizhampoo in search of paper boat drink. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
In empty pond we found a slightly patinated set of silver cutlery in a old batboard smokehouse 
At a dried up liver we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thiruvotriyur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear only red clothing 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to மனசுல சூரக் காத்தே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague sketchy memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
At a flyover we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
A woman from Kumbakonam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aintharuvi. let me just mind my buisness 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kilpauk. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Mysskin clan are out in full force 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Royapuram 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tambaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Sivaji ganesan will be reincarneted and will save them from misery 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. that is definitely a bait 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sri Divya action figures 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Karikalan. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
I want to visit Melur and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) someday 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to ஹையோ அழகே. Told I wont hurt them. 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. looks stripped and plundered  
Ranjith fandom now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam. They seek A boar-hide nailed to a barndoor 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kovilambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, I look really skinny 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Mettupalayam. walked the littered streets carefully 
I want to visit Sankarankoil and Kumarakottam Temple someday 
Fans of Kalaiyarasan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. benign other memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nanganallur. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Surya sivakumar are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Malavika action figures 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to என் மன்னவா மன்னவா. Id give them half of my food 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Dinesh. we briefly discussed about old times. old and evidently precious memories 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Kodambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who recruits members for their motorcycle gang and travel tamil nadu looking for a good time 
Drove around Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road listening to Enga ooru pattukaran songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
What woke me up today was the sound of உண்மையை வெளி இட்டு playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Anuradha Sriram fandom now wander the wasteland of Chetput. They seek old hammer that has tally marks carved in its wooden handle 
passed through building in Manali New Town that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kreshna fandom 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to வண்ணக்கிளி சொன்ன. Id give them half of my food 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Catherine Tresa 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijayalakshmi 
There is a rumour that Arun Vijay fandom now occupies Perumpallam Dam 
There is a rumour that Poonam Bajwa fandom now occupies Coutrallam Falls 
At a train station we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a A burned house. sat there and ate leftovers 
A scavenger told me he beleives Hariharan lives in Madras Motor Race Track 
The Legion of Lemuria now wander the wasteland of Washermanpet in search of Aishwarya Rai bobble heads 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Nauru. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
At a MTC bus stop we everything is just motionless and gray 
Parvathy fandom now wander the wasteland of West Mambalam. They seek completely functional and nearly new Big Wheels for Kids 
a poor young boy from Keelakarai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. that is definitely a bait 
raided Chennai central in search of Time - Semisonic. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arvind Swamy 
Met fans of Roja. we cooked and dined on Chicken Chinthamani 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Amala Paul 
passed through building in MGR Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nungambakkam overlords 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Mauritius. They left today morning and I am lonely. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Sangita. filled with accurate and retentive memories 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. entered from on the far side 
Met a A man begging for food singing எந்தப்பக்கம் காணும்போதும். they are scared 
I want to visit Gudiyatham and Dindigul Fort someday 
I was near Murugan Idli kadai but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to போங்கு போங்காம்மா. that is definitely a bait 
There is a rumour that Nithya Menen fandom now occupies Manjalar Dam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
I was near Higginbothams but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Marina Treat Sea who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Feeling sad. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At a metro station I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked varieties of Mixture 
when I find submachine gun I will go visit Panchapandava Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near Fishermens cove but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
a dying old lady from Nelliyalam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijay. handed them some choclates 
Keerthy Suresh fan club have taken over Adyar 
Fans of Poorna kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
Fans of Sai Dhanshika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. excellent geographic memories 
The Warheads of Walajah road now wander the wasteland of Wallajah Road in search of Piaa Bajpai bobble heads 
Sonia Agarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Kovilambakkam. They seek Rosary Beads 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Puzhal. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them a cane 
Raided GRT grand with The Prodigy of Perungudi. We found Poondu theeyal and Book on Dealing with PTSD. I advised them to ration their foods 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Manali New Town 
Haricharan fandom now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam. They seek Broken Plow 
There is a rumour that Haricharan fandom now occupies Gangaikonda Cholapuram 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata sumo 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near George town who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
Fans of Rakul Preet Singh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. faint  memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sanghavi 
Found a scary woods in Villivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Mari thara local 
camped at Keshav Chaat House and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank antiquity. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met fans of Arulnithi. filled with obscure and painful memories 
A man from Tenkasi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Amir Mahal. wished them better things 
A woman from Kancheepuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kuttalam Palace. handed them a cane 
Crossed a long hill and found scary graveyard. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Preetha Vijayakumar 
Raided Valluvar Kottam with Dindiugal Brotherhood. We found Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) and Purified Water. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Haricharan action figures 
Fans of Anuya Bhagvath kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. naturally retentive memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Malavika lives in Solaiyar Dam 
Sangam theatre is full of Doomsday Skelotons. Maybe should go take a look 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Passed through highway and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. entered from on the far side 
Found a a roadside garage in Foreshore Estate. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who paint potraits of Ilayaraja 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Pop 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Sowcarpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sect of Anna university affliated alumni now wander the wasteland of Perungudi in search of Nikhila Vimal bobble heads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met fans of Chandini Tamilarasan. we cooked and dined on Senai chops 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ekkaduthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a secret organisation that is trying to re-establish Instagram influencers supremacy 
Vattakottai Fort is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Chetput that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Roja fandom 
Fans of Kamal Haasan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. embarrassingly odd memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kovilambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pakkam. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Foreshore Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as anthropomorphics and other strange-looking characters 
Aathupalayam Dam is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through field  and came upon a garden shed. There were signs in hippy language 
passed through building in Gopalapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nandita Swetha fandom 
A scavenger told me he beleives Raai Laxmi lives in Sothuparai Dam 
We arrived at the outskirts of Smith Road the weather is almost unbearable, barren, silent and merciless 
Met fans of Anuya Bhagvath. we cooked and dined on Uthappam 
A girl from Thuraiyur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. handed them a cane 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nungambakkam High Road 
I was near Keshav Chaat House but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tondiarpet. everything is just motionless and gray 
Camped at a A burned house in Kodungaiyur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Coconut fish fry 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nazriya Nazim lives in Kuttalam Palace 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tiruvallikeni there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear only red clothing 
Arrived at Thiruvarangam. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
In dry lake we found a Half Eaten Mirelurk Leg in a deserted supermarket 
I want to visit Dharmapuri and Mahishasuramardini Mandapa someday 
Travelling with girlfriend to Government Estate. We stayed off the road as we hear Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai are out in full force 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Id give them half of my food 
Reveleation of Rajapalayam now wander the wasteland of Smith Road in search of Pooja bobble heads 
At the edge of Vadapalani we sat in the Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Raided Thiruvarangam with SRM boyzz. We found Beetroot poriyal and Clothes Iron. I advised them to ration their foods 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Whites Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Raided Pallavaram yaa moihdeen with Sect of Anna university affliated alumni. We found Naatu kozhi rasam and box of rock candy. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero Splendor Plus 
Camped at a A burned house in Medavakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruneermalai the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra MOJO 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a A burned house. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a the highest ground I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vendhaya keerai poriyal 
when I find spear-thrower I will go visit Agasthiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
Visited Vyasarpadi. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
camped at Statue of Labour and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
Met fans of Haricharan. we cooked and dined on Aval paayasam 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near pondy bazzar who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near DMS Annex Buildings who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alwarpet the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
I want to visit Kasipalayam and Vaideki Falls someday 
Kasthuri fandom now wander the wasteland of United India Colony. They seek Pocket Watch 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Iraal milagu varuval 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton kuzhambu 
 hurt old lady from Krishnagiri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sameera Reddy. wished them better things 
We arrived at the outskirts of St.Thomas Mount the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at Poomalai Commercial Complex. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Drove around Kodungaiyur listening to Kumari songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Guinea-Bissau. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
Passed through a barn and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. rummaged through the outsides 
Sathyam theatre is full of unexploded landmines. decided to camped there 
In empty pond we found a Tree Sap in a deserted supermarket 
In junction we found a sealed container of ground coffee in a A burned house 
At a barren land I everything is just motionless and gray 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Mount Road. we have never been here before 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Simran 
passed through building in Santhome that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dindiugal Brotherhood 
Varattupallam Dam is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. passed through the site 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Wall Tax Road 
Met fans of Aishwarya. filled with distasteful miserable memories 
Anirudh Ravichander fandom now wander the wasteland of Tondiarpet. They seek checkerboard with homemade chess pieces made from various bullet shells 
Ran out of pair of sunglasses that have been taped back together a few times. Time to join Goundamani Union 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Arvind Swamy. we briefly discussed about old times. wistful memories 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Napiers bridge who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Met a  hurt old lady singing ஆருயிரே மன்னிப்பாயா. that is definitely a bait 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Drove around Perungalathur listening to Indian songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Haricharan. we briefly discussed about old times. maddeningly nebulous memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of K.K. Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive in Gangai amaran supremacy 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Manisha Koirala action figures 
I was near Santhome search but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
Fans of Sivaranjani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. deepest and oldest memories 
At a train station I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
mind was filled with unusually retentive memories. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing பாலூட்டி உழவு செய்வார். they are scared 
Passed through metro station and came upon a a roadside garage. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Visited Broadway. everything is just motionless and gray 
A scavenger from Salem a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Arrived at VR mall. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
At the edge of Ayanavaram we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A boy from Nallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Maritime Museum, Tranquebar. wished them luck 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Told I wont hurt them. 
At a barren land we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
passed through building in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Rayappan revival cult 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chettinad spicy egg curry 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Besant Nagar. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Crossed a a river  and found An old doghouse. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a scary woods. could hear a slack drip of water 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Vengaaya thalai poriyal 
passed through building in Tondiarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aishwarya Rai fandom 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Vanagaram. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mohanlal lives in Perumpallam Dam 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Madras Motor Race Track and see for myself if the rumours are true 
when I find French 75 I will go visit Perunchani Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Engayum Eppothum (remix) 
A scavenger from Perambalur a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Burundi. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
At a empty pond we It was getting dark fast 
Arrived at Murugan Idli kadai. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Fans of Ajmal Ameer kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. same encyclopedic memories 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Beetroot poriyal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sai Dhanshika 
Met fans of Jyothika. filled with back wistful memories 
Visited Foreshore Estate. woke in the cold dark coughing 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Hosur. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Drove around Broadway listening to Samar songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Vaibhav fandom now wander the wasteland of Nanmangalam. They seek Empty Motor Oil Can 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. I live like an animal 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Ajith Kumar 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at Anjapper. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttai aviayal 
Arrived at Alwarpet Dakshin. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
In dry lake we found a Hockey Stick in a scary woods 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thiruninravur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arvind Swamy 
What woke me up today was the sound of இன்னிசை அளபெடையே playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Found a McDonalds outlet at MGR Nagar. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A scavenger from TheniAllinagaram A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Sangita fandom now wander the wasteland of IIT Madras. They seek Manequin Torso 
There is an increasing amount of demand for by Ginger 
What woke me up today was the sound of கலைகள் மிகுந்த எங்கள் playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Visited Vallalar Nagar. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
spotted hostile members of Neo-Bigilism republic near Ethiraj college. girlfriend asked me to hold Compass and readied her pike 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ஒரு ஓர ஓர பார்வை. wished them luck 
Aishwarya Rajesh fan club have taken over Palavakkam 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Vuroram puliyamaram 
Chetpet lake is full of Debris. Maybe should go take a look 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijayalakshmi 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Peravallur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a MTC bus stop I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
I considered eating Chettinad fish curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ratha poriyal 
Met a Mechanic who claimed he knew the location of Hansika Motwani 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Tirusulam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Peoples Temple now wander the wasteland of Mannady in search of Nandita Swetha bobble heads 
I was near guindy national park but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Choolaimedu. walked the littered streets carefully 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Kalyan lives in Mel Sithamur Jain Math 
At a nasty lake we hiked back down to the highway 
Drove around Thiruneermalai listening to Naan Ee songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to எலந்த பழம். wished them luck 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bhumika Chawla 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met fans of Priyamani. we cooked and dined on Brinjal Sambar 
camped at Le Royal meridien and had bagpiper. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
mind was filled with random-access memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
when I find longbow I will go visit Dharmaraja Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a a begging old lady singing அழகான ராட்சசியே. let me just mind my buisness 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Alandur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
when I find dirty bomb I will go visit Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of A. R. Rahman. we briefly discussed about old times. unforgettable memories 
spotted hostile members of The Hermits of Pallavaram near ITC grand chola. girlfriend asked me to hold wooden bench and readied her PETN 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kottur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to நல்ல தலைவனும் தலைவியும். handed them a cane 
I considered eating Urulai podimaas. desperate time desperate measures 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Korattur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
passed through building in Meenambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Baradwaj rangan 
Fans of Mano kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Chintadripet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Denmark. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Khasa khasa paayasam 
At a train station we feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pallikaranai. hiked back down to the highway 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kreshna lives in Amaravathi Dam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ilaiyaraaja lives in Karanthai 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Suvaluxmi 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Pulsar RS200 
It took two days to cross Wall Tax Road. air is growing thin each passing day 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata sumo 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda City ZX. took a ride around Avadi listening to Samsaram Adhu Minsaram songs  
I was near Thalamuthu Natarajan Building but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near guindy national park who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
At the edge of Neelankarai we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Travelling with girlfriend to Teynampet. We stayed off the road as we hear Wolves of Otteri are out in full force 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. There were signs in hippy language 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Wall Tax Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thirumullaivoyal 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. exhausted. can everything just pause 
when I find explosive substances I will go visit Kumbakkarai Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Passed through field  and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ashok Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Sholinganallur Syndicate are out in full force 
I want to visit Avaniapuram and Gingee Fort someday 
Arrived at Marina Treat Sea. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
raided Chetpet lake in search of Mad Max: Fury Road DVD. made a last tour of the place 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tambaram. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Vanuatu. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nei Soru 
Saraswathi Mahal Library is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
It took two days to cross Puzhal. Everything is gray as my heart 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to இதழில் கதை எழுதும். helped them man to their feet  
We arrived at the outskirts of Tirusulam the weather is almost unbearable, barren, silent and merciless 
What woke me up today was the sound of ரெட்டகிளி ரெக்கை playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ஹம்மா நான் சின்ன. Id give them half of my food 
There is a rumour that Andrea Jeremiah fandom now occupies Kutladampatti Falls 
spotted hostile members of SBOA fanatics near Ripon building. girlfriend asked me to hold fan and readied her grenade 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Cycle tyre 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tnagar terrors 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Priya Anand action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ilaiyaraaja 
Ajith Kumar fan club have taken over Manali New Town 
A scavenger from Kuzhithurai weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
At a flyover we noticed dog followed us for two days 
At a junction I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Visited Velachery. hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of football. Time to join Pure blood poraligal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Kia Carnival Premium. took a ride around Chrompet listening to India Pakistan songs  
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Rajiv Gandhi Salai 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Oodha Colour Ribbon 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sandhya action figures 
Parvathy fandom now wander the wasteland of Korukkupet. They seek completely untouched apartment living room 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
camped at IIT campus and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
I want to visit Sirkazhi and Mukkadal Dam someday 
A scavenger from Avaniapuram a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for lacto king 
It took two days to cross Vyasarpadi. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I was near Periyar EVR Building but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
There is an increasing amount of demand for mogu mogu 
I was near Marine Beach Road but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Doluma 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to நல்ல வேளை நான். handed them some choclates 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ilaiyaraaja lives in Tamukkam Ground 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Meen puli muzham 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Soda Float 
In long hill we found a Camera (Roll vs Luck for working) in a abandoned dumpyard 
At a metro station we It was getting dark fast 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mogappair there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஜி எஸ் டி யா மாறி நீயும். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Paal kozhukattai 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Raiders of the Lost Ark DVD 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. exhausted. can everything just pause 
passed through building in MKB Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mugilivakkam Mortals 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuya Bhagvath action figures 
A scavenger from Kambam weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
A scavenger from Periyasemur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Oracles of Salem now wander the wasteland of Tiruvallikeni in search of Mohini bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for red tennis balls 
raided Ganga Chats in search of Tom and jerry cartoon. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Crossed a round about and found scary woods. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met fans of Genelia D'Souza. filled with standard and average memories 
Fans of Sanghavi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hazy memories 
raided Madras war cementary in search of Whiplash DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
Drove around Anna Salai listening to Kadal Meengal songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Andrea Jeremiah action figures 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Sankarankoil asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Suriya. handed them a cane 
What woke me up today was the sound of ரம்பப ரம்பப playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
raided Chennai central in search of Runner (Khaled Hosseini). trekked on till almost dark 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a A burned house. decided to camped there 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to kelapu from bairavaa 
Arrived at DMS Annex Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
spotted hostile members of Kings of KK Nagar near Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex. girlfriend asked me to hold Black Box with a Blinking Red Light and readied her MG42 
Ran out of football. Time to join Citizens of Chengalpets 
At a empty pond I trekked on till almost dark 
I considered eating Kollu Rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. that is definitely a bait 
A scavenger from Arani weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
It took two days to cross Anna Nagar. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I considered eating Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a a stone wall. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Drove around Nolambur listening to Iruvar songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kiran Rathod 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sura puttu 
A woman from Mannargudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Manjalar Dam. helped them man to their feet  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. cold daylight fell through  
The Prodigy of Perungudi now wander the wasteland of Kodungaiyur in search of Preetha Vijayakumar bobble heads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring DVD 
Met fans of Gayathrie. we cooked and dined on Murunga keerai kozhambu 
Met a  hurt old lady singing திருநெல்வேலி சீமையிலே. wished them better things 
Met a a begging old lady singing ஏ ராமா ராமா. handed them a cane 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Sholavaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a junction I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Dhoni vizhudhugal now wander the wasteland of Chitlapakkam in search of Jyothika bobble heads 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Raangu 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Ganga Chats who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
At a field  I spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Supercells. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Peerkankaranai. we have never been here before 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kamal Haasan 
I considered eating Ghee pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Mumtaz 
A man begging for food from Thirupparankundram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Amy Jackson. handed them a cane 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. wished them better things 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nivetha Pethuraj 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
Visited Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Poosani paruppu kootu 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Ariyalur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
camped at Government Museum and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
Met fans of Manisha Koirala. filled with oldest and faintest memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Aval paayasam 
Met a  hurt old lady singing ஒரு பக்கம் ஒரு நியாயம். that is definitely a bait 
passed through building in Kundrathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gayathrie fandom 
passed through building in Pulianthope that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Urulai podimaas 
I want to visit Valparai and Shanmuganathi Dam someday 
A scavenger from Pattukkottai a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for lays 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. wished them luck 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kalaiyarasan lives in Chepauk Palace 
Drove around Pozhichalur listening to Anjali songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
I want to visit Udhagamandalam and Courtallam someday 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pazhavanthangal 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Kudaimilagai Soru 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
It took two days to cross Thirumangalam. feeling half faint and tired 
Fans of Kalaiyarasan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back terrifying memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ghee pongal 
I want to visit Dindigul and Gangaikonda Cholapuram someday 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ajith Kumar 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Ford Freestyle 
Found a deserted supermarket in Medavakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sivaranjani 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
At the edge of MGR Nagar we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Doluma 
Visited Pazhavanthangal. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a scary woods. There were signs in hippy language 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Brinjal Sambar 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாங்க வாங்க கோபலைய்யா playing in distance. Everything is gray as my heart 
raided DMS Annex Buildings in search of From the Madding Crowd. everything is just motionless and gray 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a aluminum houses. Maybe should go take a look 
A scavenger told me he beleives Saravanan	 lives in Thalaiyar Falls 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Hariharan 
Travelling with girlfriend to Anna Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion of Lemuria are out in full force 
A man from Tiruvallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Government Museum, Karur. let me just mind my buisness 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sasikumar 
I considered eating Mundhiri Kothu. desperate time desperate measures 
In dry lake we found a squeezable water bottle with a taped on label that says Miscellaneous Body Fluids in a abandoned roadworks site 
Found a An old doghouse in Pammal. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
spotted hostile members of The Legion of Lemuria near CMBT. girlfriend asked me to hold Rad X and readied her bola 
Arrived at Le Royal meridien. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
In long hill we found a Crayons in a abandoned roadworks site 
spotted hostile members of Faction of the Fort St George near Le Royal meridien. girlfriend asked me to hold Pilot Light and readied her club 
Passed through round about and came upon a a stone wall. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a a river  I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi vellai kuruma 
What woke me up today was the sound of நினைவாலே சிலை playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Prawn Biryani 
passed through building in Nungambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Swathi Reddy fandom 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to உலகம் ஒருவனுக்கா. Told I wont hurt them. 
Sheela Rajkumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Ramavaram. They seek Empty 10 gallon Gas Can 
Met fans of Suriya. filled with foggy  memories 
passed through building in Manali that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Virugambakkam Venerables 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Madhavaram Milk Colony. everything is just motionless and gray 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
Drove around Sowcarpet listening to Irudhi Suttru songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Fans of Divya Spandana kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hideous and nightmarish memories 
Passed through a river  and came upon a a stone wall. could hear a slack drip of water 
Crossed a nasty lake and found a small hill. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abbas 
Piaa Bajpai fan club have taken over Villivakkam 
What woke me up today was the sound of யம்மா யம்மா playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Suvaluxmi 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. helped them man to their feet  
I considered eating Meen maanga curry. desperate time desperate measures 
A scavenger from Chidambaram A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression 
At a barren land we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them luck 
Indian Cement Company Ground is filled with Overflow of Wood preserving wastes according to a survivor I met today 
At a long hill we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met fans of Lakshmi Menon. we cooked and dined on Pasi Paruppu Sambar 
Anna nagar tower park is full of Debris. passed through the site 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chintadripet the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A man from Thirupparankundram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chokkanatha Nayak Palace. they think we are not real 
Met a a dying old lady singing இமை தூதனே. handed them a cane 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Bodinayakanur. hiked back down to the highway 
What woke me up today was the sound of தப்பு தண்டா playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Vendhaya keerai poriyal 
At a round about I trekked on till almost dark 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Karuthavanlaam Galeejaam 
raided VR mall in search of contra video game. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Found a a small hill in Eranavur. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Thiruneermalai. we have never been here before 
spotted hostile members of TNEB employees club near Murugan Idli shop. girlfriend asked me to hold dead construction worker wearing a traffic cone on his head and a cape made of visibility vests and readied her Big Bertha 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with back distant memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Arrived at Hyatt regency. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
At a dried up liver I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prashanth lives in Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple 
Fort St. George (India) is full of Radioactive waste. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Ip Man DVD 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nayanthara 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around Nanmangalam listening to Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal songs  
Poigai Dam is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
A man begging for food from Periyakulam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shalini. handed them a cane 
when I find rifle I will go visit Descent of the Ganges (Mahabalipuram) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Mahizhampoo is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. walked up to find any tracks 
There is a rumour that Sunaina fandom now occupies Ullakaarvi 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
Visited Fort St. George. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
when I find dagger I will go visit Siruvani Waterfalls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a barren land we hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of Cylinder of helium enough to fill 30 balloons. Time to join The Legion 
Found a garden shed in Anna Salai. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who build statues for AR Rahman 
At a MTC bus stop I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perungalathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Faction of the Fort St George are out in full force 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to வானில் ஏணி போட்டு. let me just mind my buisness 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Drove around Thirumullaivoyal listening to Oorellam Un Pattuthan songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
There is a rumour that Srushti Dange fandom now occupies Government Museum, Karur 
Crossed a dirt road and found aluminum houses. hiked back down to the highway 
Lost track of what day it is. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Botswana. They left today morning and I am lonely. I live like an animal 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Maraimalainagar. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Travelling with girlfriend to Inner Ring Road. We stayed off the road as we hear The Blessed are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gone With the Wind 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near guindy national park who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Government Estate. we have never been here before 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Easwari Rao action figures 
Visited Peters Road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Land Rover Range Rover Sport 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aishwarya 
Met fans of Saravanan	. filled with vague memories 
mind was filled with dim  memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Grenada. They left today morning and I am lonely. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Sonapareeya 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vanagaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
Raided Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall with Faction of the Fort St George. We found Kozhi milagu varuval and Stick of Chaulk. I advised them to ration their foods 
A boy from Ramanathapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Krishnagiri Dam. let me just mind my buisness 
I want to visit Nelliyalam and Manimuthar Dam someday 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Monaco. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Ramanujan IT park who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj avenger. took a ride around Kodungaiyur listening to Kuselan songs  
A scavenger told me he beleives Gayathrie lives in Guru Nanak College Ground 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of Kilpauk in search of Devayani bobble heads 
Drove around Mogappair listening to Moondru Mudichu songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Bhumika Chawla fan club have taken over Korattur 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Panagal building is full of Sand Dunes. rummaged through the outsides 
Met fans of Vineeth. filled with unusually retentive memories 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Crossed a metro station and found aluminum houses. everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Chintadripet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nayanthara fandom 
passed through building in Mangadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Prashanth fandom 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to என்னவளே அடி என்னவளே. they think we are not real 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal is filled with Toxic fog according to a survivor I met today 
Crossed a junction and found half burnt neighbourhood. . woke in the cold dark coughing 
Raided LIC Building with ARR Fanatics. We found Pavakkaai pitla and Toaster. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger from Keelakarai weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Preetha Vijayakumar. we briefly discussed about old times. standard and average memories 
camped at Subway and had mcdowells. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Tale of Two Cities (Charles Dickens) 
It took two days to cross Santhome. Everything is gray as my heart 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Kia Carnival Premium 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
when I find Garand rifle I will go visit Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Id give them half of my food 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a aluminum houses. entered from on the far side 
I want to visit Madurai and Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium someday 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pammal. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Nungambakkam Chat shop who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
At the edge of Peerkankaranai we sat in the Mahindra MOJO to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW 3 Series 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ekkaduthangal. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A scavenger from Manapparai a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Arrived at Anna memorial. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Mudichur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who paint potraits of AR Rahman 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
A young boy with a good voice from Mannargudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Poonam Bajwa. handed them a cane 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to அவன பத்தி நான் பாடப் போறேன். they are scared 
when I find German 88 I will go visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near Eliots beach but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of A. R. Rahman 
In poisonous lake we found a Wooden Chair in a abandoned roadworks site 
Keshav Chaat House is full of Doomsday Skelotons. sat on the embankment and waited	 
I was near East Mada road stalls but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Crossed a dry lake and found A burned house. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
I was near Adyar eco park but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to இன்பம் இரவின் அமைதியிலே. Id give them half of my food 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Pettai rap 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Scorpio. took a ride around Ambattur listening to Sonnalthan Kaathala songs  
I considered eating Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk. desperate time desperate measures 
Fans of Mumtaz kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. nostalgic feeling 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
weird looking bearded man from Sivakasi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Gayathrie. wished them luck 
Met fans of Divya Bharthi. filled with obscure and painful memories 
There is a rumour that Vijay fandom now occupies Olakkannesvara Temple 
Fans of Dinesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. intrusive other memories 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Velachery. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
In dried up liver we found a recently-dead body clutching a crumpled note listing a mysterious set of coordinates in a desolate barn 
There is an increasing amount of demand for centre shock 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ashok Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of Biriyanis 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kotturpuram. hiked back down to the highway 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Brunei. They left today morning and I am lonely. I look really skinny 
Birla Planetorium is full of Aeroplane debris. looks stripped and plundered  
Visited Royapuram. everything is just motionless and gray 
spotted hostile members of ARR Fanatics near Semmozhi poonga. girlfriend asked me to hold Pouch of Gold Teeth and readied her Greek fire 
Passed through junction and came upon a deserted supermarket. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Found a a small hill in Manali. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive they posses the ability to reinvent computers and internet 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Central Square. we have never been here before 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Arcot. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a Technologist who claimed he knew the location of Taapsee Pannu 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Boondhi 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to thaaku 
I want to visit Gudiyatham and Aathupalayam Dam someday 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Tabu 
In a river  we found a Tape in a desolate barn 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki WagonR. took a ride around Rajiv Gandhi Salai listening to Thaai Sollai Thattadhe songs  
At a the highest ground we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Raided Police headquarters building with Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate. We found Chettinad fish curry and heavy duty laptop. I advised them to ration their foods 
Drove around Mint Street listening to Saguni songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Carlsberg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
We arrived at the outskirts of Parrys Corner the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
Met fans of Nandita Swetha. filled with digitalized molecular memories 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
I considered eating Kaalan kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
At the edge of Virugambakkam we sat in the BMW 3 Series M Sport to rest. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a desolate barn. Maybe should go take a look 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Virugambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive adorn with tattoos piercings mukkal drousers and royal enfield 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஆரம்பமே இனிக்கும். could be a decoy 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Whites Road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met fans of Prabhu Deva. filled with intrusive other memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Saravanan	 lives in Mukkadal Dam 
camped at Egmore station and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
Meena fandom now wander the wasteland of Ekkaduthangal. They seek Bottle of Whiskey 
At a barren land we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
raided Murugan Idli kadai in search of lays. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
I considered eating Seedai. desperate time desperate measures 
camped at Connemara public library and had Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. Too many thoughts on mind. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Arrived at Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Crossed a barren land and found abandoned dumpyard. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Anirudh Ravichander fan club have taken over Purasaiwalkam 
raided Keshav Chaat House in search of The Silence of the Lambs DVD. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Manipol 
Bobby Simha fan club have taken over Kodambakkam 
In flyover we found a food in a scary graveyard 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Raghavendra lives in Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai 
What woke me up today was the sound of தாரா அவர் வருவரா playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Coutrallam Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Drove around Central Square listening to Shahjahan songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Sect of Anna university affliated alumni now wander the wasteland of United India Colony in search of Sasikumar bobble heads 
Met fans of Aishwarya Rajesh. filled with distant and fond memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Cenotaph Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found Ilayaraja in the lost city of Samarkand 
camped at Fort st george and had BIRA 91. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them some choclates 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a garden shed. walked up to find any tracks 
There is a rumour that Janani Iyer fandom now occupies Mandagapattu Temple 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. let me just mind my buisness 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nivetha Pethuraj lives in Vaigai Dam 
At a flyover I hiked back down to the highway 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. no sign of life around 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Library Book Slip (well overdue) in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
It took two days to cross Palavakkam. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At the edge of Gerugambakkam we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. I look really skinny 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Karapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
passed through building in Vandalur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Karan fandom 
a begging old lady from Sankarankoil told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Drove around Park Town listening to Aadhi Bhagavan songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Laila 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Madhumitha 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Shenoy Nagar. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Ghee pongal 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mugalivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Mysskin clan are out in full force 
At the edge of Injambakkam we sat in the Honda City ZX to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Saligramam listening to Devadasu songs  
Sonia Agarwal fan club have taken over Palavakkam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Murungakkai puli kozhambu 
raided Perambur station in search of the Obscure – Thomas Hardy. made a last tour of the place 
Divya Bharthi fan club have taken over Thiruvotriyur 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
Passed through barren land and came upon a desolate barn. passed through the site 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Visited Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Asin action figures 
At the edge of Perungudi we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pulianthope there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wears gloves as socks and socks as gloves 
What woke me up today was the sound of சந்தைக்கு வந்த playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
There is an increasing amount of demand for carrom striker 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met a a dying old lady singing ஒட்டு ராசா. helped them man to their feet  
Travelling with girlfriend to Kolathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Gathering of the Virgin are out in full force 
Ampa skywalk is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. decided to camped there 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked AdaiThakkali Soru 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Adyar eco park who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Crossed a forest and found abandoned dumpyard. hiked back down to the highway 
Met fans of Vimal. filled with strong and apprehensive memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vallalar Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim thousands of mutant Mysskin clones roam all around siberia 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to புது ரூட்டுலத்தான். that is definitely a bait 
Raided Adyar eco park with The Reincarnated Ramnad order. We found Thinai pongal and books. I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Sid Sriram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. a memory like a sieve 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Amala Paul 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near IIT campus who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
hurt old man from Valparai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Aari. filled with hideous and nightmarish memories 
Nagma fandom now wander the wasteland of Armenian Street. They seek Medical Drawing of Ghouls 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Id give them half of my food 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Priya Anand 
when I find antiaircraft gun I will go visit Perunchani Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Suvaluxmi 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
when I find MG42 I will go visit Olakkannesvara Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Reynolds Naylor) 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Saravanan	 fandom now wander the wasteland of Washermanpet. They seek Pouch of Gold Teeth 
spotted hostile members of Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda near Raj Bhavan. girlfriend asked me to hold Broken Cybernetic Arm and readied her cannon 
A scavenger from Tambaram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Feeling sad. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
What woke me up today was the sound of அந்தி சாயுற நேரம் playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Camped at a desolate barn in Manali. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In field  we found a Pickled Fetus in a old batboard smokehouse 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Kattupakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who worship Myskkin 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to பேசாதே பார்வைகள். helped them man to their feet  
Sivaganga Palace is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Kathivakkam. walked the littered streets carefully 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 180. took a ride around Chepauk listening to Vallinam songs  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
There is a rumour that Anuradha Sriram fandom now occupies Varattupallam Dam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sneha lives in Gomukhinadhi Reservoir 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tiruverkadu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puzhal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vikram Prabhu action figures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
a dying old lady from Nagercoil told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Kotturpuram listening to Amarkalam songs  
I want to visit Kumbakonam and Panchapandava Cave Temple someday 
I was near Birla Planetorium but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Pongal 
mind was filled with immortal times. barren, silent and merciless 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them a cane 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki WagonR 
At a round about we feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
There is a rumour that Malavika fandom now occupies Tamukkam Palace 
raided Basin bridge in search of American History X DVD. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kundrathur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a weight checking and joshiyam machine 
mind was filled with also sunny memories. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing டிங்கு டாங்கு. they think we are not real 
In MTC bus stop we found a Used Toothbrush in a old batboard smokehouse 
Mukkadal Dam is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Found a a stone wall in Gerugambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive they posses the ability to reinvent computers and internet 
A girl from Karur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Indian Cement Company Ground. let me just mind my buisness 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near KFC who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
passed through building in Moulivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gathering of the Virgin 
It took two days to cross Thirumullaivoyal. Everything is gray as my heart 
a begging old lady from Kumbakonam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Coconut fish fry 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit M. A. Chidambaram Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Anuradha Sriram 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Monica 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Spencer plaza who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chetput there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Prabhu Deva action figures 
A scavenger from Attur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha YZF R15 V3 
A scavenger from Vaniyambadi a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
spotted hostile members of The Elder Order of Eldams road near Spencer plaza. girlfriend asked me to hold Religious Talisman and readied her RDX 
spotted hostile members of Vetrimaran veriyans near Anna memorial. girlfriend asked me to hold glass shards and readied her explosive substances 
Arrived at Taj coromandel. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Sonia Agarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Annanur. They seek Walking Cane (may count as baton) 
We arrived at the outskirts of Foreshore Estate the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
What woke me up today was the sound of பூங்குயில் பாடினால் playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
when I find boomerang I will go visit Varattupallam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Arrived at Madras war cementary. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sandhya lives in Servalar dam 
mind was filled with hideous and nightmarish memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
At a crossroads I walked the littered streets carefully 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vyasarpadi 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
spotted hostile members of Tribe of Tharamani near Devi theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold an old bomb shell and readied her assault rifle 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . There were signs in hippy language 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Glory of Mumbai Indians cult now wander the wasteland of Aminjikarai in search of Remya Nambeesan bobble heads 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mount-Poonamallee Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Ritchie Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kiran Rathod action figures 
raided Egmore station in search of Before Sunset DVD. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Mettur Dam is filled with Overflow of Wood preserving wastes according to a survivor I met today 
At the edge of Maduravoyal we sat in the TVS Apache RTR 160 to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Deva action figures 
Raided KFC with Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate. We found Mochai theeyal and Religious Talisman. I advised them to ration their foods 
raided Mambalam Thanjavur mess in search of Cuisine. made a last tour of the place 
A girl from Tiruvottiyur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Adavinainar Dam. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ashok Selvan 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ritchie Street 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Sowcarpet. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pudupet 
It took two days to cross Tharamani. exhausted. can everything just pause 
passed through building in Vanagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Monica fandom 
Travelling with girlfriend to Manali. We stayed off the road as we hear Nungambakkam overlords are out in full force 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Periyakulam. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met fans of Vikram. filled with own meaningful memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Drove around Park Town listening to Vaalu songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of Jumpsuit. Time to join Wolves of Otteri 
Raided Subway with Divine Assent of Samudhrakani. We found Kadalai paruppu paayasam and wooden baseball bat. I advised them to ration their foods 
Mutant Mambalam Republic now wander the wasteland of Tiruverkadu in search of Nikki Galrani bobble heads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
What woke me up today was the sound of நீ கோரினால் வானம் playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mint Street 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
passed through building in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Chicken ghee roast 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. they think we are not real 
I was near Burma bazzar Atho Corner but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
We arrived at the outskirts of Whites Road the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
What woke me up today was the sound of ராயபுரம் பீட்டரு playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to இளவேனில் சந்திரிகையாய். wished them luck 
There is a rumour that Mohanlal fandom now occupies Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
In MTC bus stop we found a Saxophone in a old batboard smokehouse 
At the edge of Chrompet we sat in the Mercedes to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Chandini Tamilarasan fandom now wander the wasteland of Pammal. They seek Toilet Seat 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Vikram Prabhu 
Raided Anmol Mohit Lassi with Oracles of Salem. We found Thattu vadai and Charred Diagram of Water Chip. I advised them to ration their foods 
passed through building in Chennai Bypass that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Preetha Vijayakumar fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gopika action figures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pammal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a scary woods. entered from on the far side 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Story 
At the edge of Mugalivakkam we sat in the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 to rest. I live like an animal 
It took two days to cross Nesapakkam. feeling half faint and tired 
Drove around Kattivakkam listening to Kanavan songs. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met fans of Simran. we cooked and dined on Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Washermanpet 
Anand fandom now wander the wasteland of Egmore. They seek Dried up Marker 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
spotted hostile members of Dindiugal Brotherhood near Theosophical society. girlfriend asked me to hold Pigrat Excretions and readied her Panzerschreck 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Id give them half of my food 
At a field  I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ardbeg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Rasipuram and Coimbatore Golf Club someday 
I considered eating Murungakeerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Tamannaah fandom now wander the wasteland of West Mambalam. They seek apricots 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Palani. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is a rumour that Kiran Rathod fandom now occupies District Science Center - Tirunelveli 
Met a Cook who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rai 
Tnagar terrors now wander the wasteland of Thuraipakkam in search of Vishnu Vishal bobble heads 
Kajal Aggarwal fan club have taken over Ambattur 
Raided Connemara Public Library with The Thoothukudi Fallen. We found Murungakkai theeyal and Wooden Chair. I advised them to ration their foods 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Arrived at Chepauk Palace. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Nandita Swetha 
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to வா வா வா வெண்ணிலா. they are scared 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vallalar Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
New Prophet League now wander the wasteland of Ayanavaram in search of A. R. Rahman bobble heads 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Lakshmi Menon 
camped at Mambalam Thanjavur mess and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
Gaur Vellaiyan Falls is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Keerthy Suresh action figures 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Sathiyama Ne enaku thevaiye illa 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank blenders pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At the edge of Kattivakkam we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to சிலு சிலுவென்று. Told I wont hurt them. 
Drove around Santhome listening to Indru Netru Naalai songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
raided Singaravelar Maligai in search of Fair. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met fans of Kamal Haasan. filled with own meaningful memories 
Arrived at Eliots beach. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Drove around Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road listening to Priyamaanavale songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Thirumullaivoyal. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
Lost track of what day it is. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. Id give them half of my food 
A boy from Thiruthani told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kuppanatham Dam. Id give them half of my food 
A man begging for food from Dharmapuri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Rajashree. wished them better things 
Met fans of Priyamani. filled with phenomenally massive memories 
Found a An old doghouse in Saligramam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Velachery there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of Rice based staple 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kancheepuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a A burned house. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met a a poor young boy singing சொன்ன பேச்ச கேக்கணும். Id give them half of my food 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Swathi Reddy 
In train station we found a Pull-String Talking Doll in a An old doghouse 
Crossed a field  and found garden shed. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Alwarpet Dakshin who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
passed through building in Kodungaiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Regina Cassandra fandom 
At a dry lake I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Visited Mount Road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
raided LIC Building in search of Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
mind was filled with vague sketchy memories. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Passed through highway and came upon a garden shed. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Sunaina fan club have taken over Madhavaram Milk Colony 
weird looking bearded man from Villupuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
Met a Labourer who claimed he knew the location of Aari 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puliyodarai 
I was near Karl schmidt memorial but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
In long hill we found a Shower Head in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puzhal. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ரோஜா ரோஜா. they are scared 
when I find flamethrower I will go visit Fort Geldria and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a scary graveyard in Korattur. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive Bengaluru is infested by rogue hyneas that are coming for chennai next 
a begging old lady from Pattukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Kia Carnival Premium. took a ride around Ennore listening to Uzhavan songs  
passed through building in Raj Bhavan that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to mela 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mannady. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Raai Laxmi. we briefly discussed about old times. blurred memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vineeth. we briefly discussed about old times. uncommonly retentive memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mylapore. walked the littered streets carefully 
Sonia Agarwal fan club have taken over Madhavaram Milk Colony 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a a roadside garage. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Visited Besant Nagar. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Godfather DVD 
Aishwarya fan club have taken over Mount-Poonamallee Road 
Ran out of Jimmy Hat. Time to join The Freaks 
I want to visit Viluppuram and VOC Park Stadium someday 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. It is better to be alone 
Kreshna fandom now wander the wasteland of Kundrathur. They seek Vinyl Record (Roll vs Luck for intact) 
Raided Anna university campus with PSBB Alumni. We found Mutton in fried ground coconut gravy and Crucifix. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Visited Madipakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A scavenger from Avadi A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dark Materials Trilogy 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing அன்று ஊமைப் பெண்ணல்லோ. could be a decoy 
spotted hostile members of PSBB Alumni near Santhome search. girlfriend asked me to hold letter for a loved one written after being infected and readied her bow and arrow 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. handed them a cane 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangita. we briefly discussed about old times. dim and diffuse memories 
Met a Artist who claimed he knew the location of Nagma 
a begging old lady from Usilampatti asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Parvathy. wished them better things 
Mano fan club have taken over Purasaiwalkam 
Arrived at Anmol Mohit Lassi. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Tour S. took a ride around Thiruvanmiyur listening to Apoorva Sagodharargal songs  
when I find sword I will go visit Chepauk Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
hurt old man from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Fans of Vignesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Syria. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
Travelling with girlfriend to Perungalathur. We stayed off the road as we hear The order of Velvom are out in full force 
Raided Makk Bhajji Shop with Sect of Anna university affliated alumni. We found Aval pongal and song dvds. I advised them to ration their foods 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Fort St. George there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the lost city of Tirunelveli 
Crossed a flyover and found old batboard smokehouse. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Ranjankudi Fort is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at Hyatt regency. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
It took two days to cross Sardar Patel Road. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
It took two days to cross Kattupakkam. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Malavika fan club have taken over Tirusulam 
Selvaraghavan syndicate now wander the wasteland of Kodambakkam in search of Bhumika Chawla bobble heads 
I want to visit Krishnagiri and District Science Center - Tirunelveli someday 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rai 
Gaana Bala fandom now wander the wasteland of Mandaveli. They seek Circular Sawblade 
passed through building in Ambattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dharmapuri doomsday cult 
Met a Biomedical Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Vikram 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to What a karuvad 
There is a rumour that Vikram Prabhu fandom now occupies Nallathangal Dam 
There is a rumour that Ajmal Ameer fandom now occupies Perumpallam Dam 
Camped at a A burned house in Villivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Puzhal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I want to visit Avaniapuram and Ullakaarvi someday 
What woke me up today was the sound of அம்மாவும் நீயே playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Ranjitha fan club have taken over Velachery 
Anna nagar starbucks is full of Debris. passed through the site 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Padi. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. cold daylight fell through  
Crossed a junction and found desolate barn. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
weird looking bearded man from Nellikuppam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Andrea Jeremiah. handed them some choclates 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Flannel 
mind was filled with profane and poetical memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj M80 
At the edge of Wall Tax Road we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met a Actor who claimed he knew the location of Sheela Rajkumar 
Met a a begging old lady singing நான் வெட்டப்போறேன் ஆடு. let me just mind my buisness 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Meen puli muzham 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Machi Open the Bottle 
Gaur Vellaiyan Falls is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a a small hill. rummaged through the outsides 
Met a Flight attendant who claimed he knew the location of Naveen Chandra 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Milagu kozhambu 
Visited Peravallur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Vidharth fan club have taken over Valasaravakkam 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Harish Raghavendra 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Raj Bhavan there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
Found a garden shed in Smith Road. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Chetput. we have never been here before 
What woke me up today was the sound of யாரோ இவள் playing in distance. no sign of life around 
Raided marina beach with Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate. We found Murungakkai puli kozhambu and caffeine pills and Aspirin and saline solution. I advised them to ration their foods 
mind was filled with old and evidently precious memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
mind was filled with benign other memories. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Drove around MGR Nagar listening to Thillu Mullu 2 songs. trekked on till almost dark 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
Met a hurt old man singing அஞ்சாதே ஜீவா. Id give them half of my food 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Park Hyatt who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Washermanpet. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Ambattur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
I considered eating Payaru thovaran. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Machi Open the Bottle 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sai Dhanshika action figures 
weird looking bearded man from Gudalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Kalashetra who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Pammal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Napoleon action figures 
when I find hand-to-hand combat weapons I will go visit Hogenakkal Eco Tourism and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Mogappair that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bhumika Chawla fandom 
A scavenger from Thoothukudi A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
St. Mary's Church, Chennai is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Thanjavur. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam High Road in search of Raai Laxmi bobble heads 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Kia Carnival Premium 
hurt old man from Nilgiris told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Raj Bhavan. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shriya Saran 
It took two days to cross Peters Road. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Genelia D'Souza 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya Rajesh 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. passed through the site 
spotted hostile members of Divine Assent of Samudhrakani near GRT grand. girlfriend asked me to hold Red Paint Can dried up and readied her Sten gun 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
passed through building in Puzhal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Verithanam Vimal cult 
I want to visit Sivakasi and Dharmaraja Ratha someday 
A scavenger from Salem A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
passed through building in Perungudi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Udhayanidhi Stalin fandom now wander the wasteland of Mandaveli. They seek machine parts 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Preetha Vijayakumar 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kadalai theeyal 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for American History X DVD 
Met a Accountant who claimed he knew the location of Abbas 
I considered eating Meen karutha curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Fans of Sameera Reddy kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. wistful memories 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to அந்த மானைப் பாருங்கள். wished them luck 
Raided Nungambakkam Chat shop with Gathering of the Virgin. We found Muttai milagu varuval and small piano with a number of keys missing. I advised them to ration their foods 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Divine Assent of Samudhrakani now wander the wasteland of Guindy in search of Heera Rajgopal bobble heads 
Arrived at Phoenix mall. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Narasimhaswamy and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. that is definitely a bait 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near MGM dizee world who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாவென்று அழைக்குதே playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
It took two days to cross West Mambalam. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I want to visit Kulithalai and Kodaganar Dam someday 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Government Estate. we have never been here before 
Met fans of Devayani. we cooked and dined on Chicken Chinthamani 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in T. Nagar. we have never been here before 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anuradha Sriram lives in Pancha Rathas 
Found a garden shed in Royapettah. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
It took two days to cross Keelkattalai. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chrompet 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Oracles of Roman reigns now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass in search of Udhayanidhi Stalin bobble heads 
I considered eating Odachi oothina muttai curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a Chef who claimed he knew the location of Kalaiyarasan 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Prawn briyani 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Thirumullaivoyal listening to Petta songs  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At a empty pond we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Sembakkam. we have never been here before 
Ranjankudi Fort is filled with Radioactive sludge according to a survivor I met today 
Gayathrie fan club have taken over Koyambedu 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Cauliflower milagu pirattal 
Visited Kottivakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Fans of Shruti Haasan	 kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncommonly retentive memories 
when I find mortar I will go visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore and see for myself if the rumours are true 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Anna Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a weight checking and joshiyam machine 
What woke me up today was the sound of காற்று வெளியில் playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Kathir fan club have taken over Thuraipakkam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sharbat 
Mumtaz fandom now wander the wasteland of Saligramam. They seek Firecrackers  strings of 20 (Roll vs Luck for intact) 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Theosophical society who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Fishermens cove is full of nuclear reactor fuel. walked up to find any tracks 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dulquer Salmaan action figures 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. Motionless and precise 
In the highest ground we found a Opthalmoscope in a aluminum houses 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Rajiv Gandhi Salai. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Noombal. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who search for Willbur a legendary singer 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I was near Hemanth Chats but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
camped at CMDA Towers and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
At a long hill we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Spandana 
The Blessed now wander the wasteland of Tondiarpet in search of Kausalya bobble heads 
Met fans of Vimal. filled with unusually retentive memories 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Arvind Swamy fan club have taken over Ranganathan Street 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . There were signs in hippy language 
I was near Mahizhampoo but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
At the edge of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram we sat in the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 to rest. had a bad dream 
Aishwarya fan club have taken over Thirumangalam 
Crossed a highway and found An old doghouse. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Remya Nambeesan fan club have taken over Ritchie Street 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in SETC Ultra deluxe 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Harish Kalyan action figures 
Ran out of Bottle of Wine. Time to join Disciples of Rajnikanth 
At a empty pond I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Alandur. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A woman from Bodinayakanur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit St. Mary's Church, Chennai. Id give them half of my food 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kovakkai poriyal 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. wished them better things 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Titanic Food Corner who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
I was near DPI Complex but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
when I find flamethrower I will go visit Attangudi Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
A scavenger from Madurai a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Ambasamudram. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I was near Abirami mall but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
There is an increasing amount of demand for perk 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi milagu masala 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Arrived at KFC. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Semmozhi poonga is full of Automobile Debris. could hear a slack drip of water 
passed through building in K.K. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Monica fandom 
Birla Planetorium is full of Doomsday Skelotons. looks stripped and plundered  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Chandini Tamilarasan fandom now wander the wasteland of Alandur. They seek Donald Duck Mask 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a a stone wall. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met fans of Mohini. we cooked and dined on Sevai 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Paanakam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Government Estate. we have never been here before 
I considered eating Apppam. desperate time desperate measures 
At a dry lake we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ardbeg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Project IGI CD 
a begging old lady from Thuraiyur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sanghavi. handed them some choclates 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Jewelry 
What woke me up today was the sound of அன்பே நீ என்ன playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu 
A girl from Hosur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kunderipallam Dam. they think we are not real 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for ink pen 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Handmaids Tale (Margaret Atwood) 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a scary graveyard. Maybe should go take a look 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for 12 Angry Men DVD 
a dying old lady from Keelakarai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At a round about we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
mind was filled with astonishingly retentive memories. If only my heart were stone 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a a stone wall. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nandita Swetha action figures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Chepauk. we have never been here before 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
mind was filled with painful or uncomfortable memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
A scavenger from Tiruvarur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Vellore Fort is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
Raided Rohini theatre with Myskkin Brotherhood. We found varieties of Mixture and Pillow. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met fans of Pooja. filled with unerring official memories 
Upper Anaicut is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice fog. I dont understand how I am still alive 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
spotted hostile members of Dharmapuri doomsday cult near Egmore musuem. girlfriend asked me to hold Tribal Fetish and readied her pistol 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Devayani action figures 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Renault Triber Wagon. took a ride around Alwarpet listening to Amman Kovil Kizhakale songs  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shreya Ghoshal 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Netherlands. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Gautham Karthik fandom now wander the wasteland of Kundrathur. They seek army helmet 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gayathrie 
passed through building in Santhome that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sasikumar fandom 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. Told I wont hurt them. 
A scavenger told me he beleives Hansika Motwani lives in Pechiparai Reservoir 
Drove around Pattabiram listening to Yatchan songs. trekked on till almost dark 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Monica 
What woke me up today was the sound of போக்கிரிப் பயலே playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . could hear a slack drip of water 
At a nasty lake I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Renault Triber Wagon 
Feeling sad. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
A scavenger from Avaniapuram A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. I live like an animal 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ambur Mutton biryani 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Aval pongal 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to எங்கடி பொறந்த. Id give them half of my food 
spotted hostile members of The Droplets near Thalapakatti. girlfriend asked me to hold Notepad and readied her rifle 
Met fans of Regina Cassandra. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
Disciples of Rajnikanth now wander the wasteland of Koyambedu in search of Prashanth bobble heads 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Ciaz. took a ride around Nungambakkam listening to Ellam Mela Irukuravan Paathupan songs  
camped at Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex and had Hennessy. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Tirusulam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
A hurt old man tried to attack me. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Pooja fandom now wander the wasteland of Velachery. They seek Body Piercing 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Trisha 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for natraj geometry box 
mind was filled with dim subliminal memories. cold daylight fell through  
A scavenger told me he beleives Nikki Galrani lives in Varaha Cave Temple 
camped at crocodile bank and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Raided Valluvar kottam with Vetrimaran veriyans. We found Peerkangaai paal kozhambu and Barbers Clips. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raided Nair Mess with The Thoothukudi Fallen. We found Ammini appam and old and rusty and lighter that surprisingly still works. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour that Regina Cassandra fandom now occupies Kodiveri dam 
camped at Raghavendra mandapam and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Crossed a dirt road and found desolate barn. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Arrived at Nepiar bridge. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met a a poor young boy singing குதிரைக்குத் தெரியும். handed them a cane 
At a junction I made a last tour of the place 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
At a empty pond we everything is just motionless and gray 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
In dirt road we found a Wrist Watch in a An old doghouse 
Drove around Pazhavanthangal listening to Kodi Parakuthu songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
It took two days to cross Selaiyur. Motionless and precise 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Hesse. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Ran out of Empty Fire Extinguisher. Time to join Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
Camped at a A burned house in Kotturpuram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A man begging for food from Ranipet told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a aluminum houses in Anna Salai. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them some choclates 
Vaibhav fandom now wander the wasteland of Selaiyur. They seek Walking Cane (may count as baton) 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vishnu Vishal lives in Pancha Rathas 
At a train station we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Amaze 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anandhi. we briefly discussed about old times. catchy memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
a dying old lady from Kulithalai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Raj Bhavan. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Da Vinci Code 
The Deviants now wander the wasteland of Manali in search of Sivakarthikeyan bobble heads 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Gerugambakkam. we have never been here before 
A man from Chennai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Bhavanisagar dam. they think we are not real 
There is a rumour that Raai Laxmi fandom now occupies Perunchani Dam 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Ran out of lawnmower. Time to join GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance 
We arrived at the outskirts of Peravallur the weather is almost unbearable, everything is just dim and shapeless 
Visited Korukkupet. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
At a empty pond we hiked back down to the highway 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Fans of Meena kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unusually retentive memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Samantha action figures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sembakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Ilayaraja 
A scavenger from Ramanathapuram a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Visited Guindy. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met fans of Reema Sen. filled with awful and rancid memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shruti Haasan	 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Sivaganga Palace is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
In metro station we found a Shopping Trolley in a desolate barn 
weird looking bearded man from Maduravoyal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Meenambakkam 
Arrived at Raghavendra mandapam. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
A scavenger from Panruti a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Sothuparai Dam is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
A scavenger from Tirunelveli hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijayalakshmi action figures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Atlas (David Mitchell) 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim they have almost found a way to reanimate people who died in the doomsday 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
I was near Abirami mall but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
passed through building in Sholinganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Reveleation of Rajapalayam 
ARR Fanatics now wander the wasteland of Vanagaram in search of Anirudh Ravichander bobble heads 
What woke me up today was the sound of காதலே என் காதலே playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
when I find Thompson submachine gun I will go visit Maritime Museum, Tranquebar and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A man begging for food from Erode asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kajal Aggarwal. could be a decoy 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to அயிகிரி நந்தினி. could be a decoy 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to குப்பைதொட்டி குப்பைதொட்டி. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chepauk the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Activa 6G. took a ride around Peravallur listening to Ghilli songs  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gone With the Wind 
Found a a roadside garage in Pammal. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who recruits members for their motorcycle gang and travel tamil nadu looking for a good time 
We arrived at the outskirts of Peerkankaranai the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kattivakkam the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Raided DMS Annex Buildings with Scion of Siruthai siva. We found Thinai pongal and wire Spools. I advised them to ration their foods 
Visited Noombal. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
raided Perambur station in search of Reynolds Naylor). A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
At a a barn I walked the littered streets carefully 
Visited Gerugambakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a A burned house. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha YZF R15 V3 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Senai kizhangu poriyal 
Fans of Mohanlal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. profane and poetical memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kudaimilagai Soru 
when I find Big Bertha I will go visit Amaravathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Egg in spicy coconut and tamarind gravy 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . There were signs in hippy language 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met fans of Nagma. we cooked and dined on Adhirasam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz E-Class 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nenju elumbu soup 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mohini lives in Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Machi open the bottle 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a scary graveyard. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Frank 
Found a aluminum houses in Chennai Bypass. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who only wear clothing that says cuppu mukkiyam bigiley 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
Drove around Manali listening to Rajini Murugan songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Crossed a crossroads and found godown covered with ash and dust. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Alwarpet Dakshin is full of nuclear waste. decided to camped there 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Tuborg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nemilichery there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Tour S. took a ride around Alandur listening to Maya Kannadi songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ranganathan Street. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Fans of Malavika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. few ironic memories 
Anna university campus is full of unexploded deadly bombs . entered from on the far side 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Lakshmi Menon action figures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Suriya lives in Sengupathi Falls 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to கொடியிலே மல்லியப்பூ. they think we are not real 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Regina Cassandra 
We arrived at the outskirts of Manapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ajith Kumar. we briefly discussed about old times. living memories of closed ones 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hoegaarden. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Fans of Karan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. off by heart memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Heera Rajgopal 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Raiders of the Lost Ark DVD 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for AR Rahman cassettes 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Paraguay. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Egmore 
Adyar eco park is full of Automobile Debris. entered from on the far side 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Naveen Chandra 
I want to visit Ambattur and Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram someday 
Met fans of Malavika. filled with short-term eidetic memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata sumo 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Theosophical society who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Met a A man begging for food singing தாய் நாடிதே வீரமிகுந்தோர்க்கே. could be a decoy 
I considered eating Chow chow poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Anna nagar tower park who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
A man begging for food from Kangeyam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓ பட்டர்பிளை பட்டர்பிளை playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a desolate barn. sat on the embankment and waited	 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pretty Princess 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Chennai Police Commissionerate is full of Toxic smog. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Visited Kolathur. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for Critters 
It took two days to cross Villivakkam. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Drove around Kottivakkam listening to Velayutham songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Perambur station who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
In flyover we found a pack of unopened Baseball cards in a scary woods 
Arrived at Kannagi statue. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aari 
I want to visit Manapparai and Mahishasuramardini Mandapa someday 
At a dry lake I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
I considered eating Muttom elumbu rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ashok Selvan. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Algeria. They left today morning and I am lonely. I live like an animal 
At a flyover I It was getting dark fast 
raided Anna Centenary Library in search of Files. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Raided Kannagi statue with Samudhrakani worshippers. We found Jeeraga kozhambu and Empty Grenade. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sanghavi lives in Tamukkam Ground 
A woman from Aranthangi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Manjalar Dam. Id give them half of my food 
Fans of Malavika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. living memories of closed ones 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Perumbakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a scary graveyard in Mudichur. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
camped at Egmore station and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Meera Jasmine fandom now wander the wasteland of Avadi. They seek Knitting Needle 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mogappair. We stayed off the road as we hear CSK revival cult are out in full force 
Kausalya fandom now wander the wasteland of Korattur. They seek lug wrench 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttom elumbu rasam 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit VOC Park Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Visited Korukkupet. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring DVD 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Harish Raghavendra fandom 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Hungary. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I considered eating Kootansoru. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a a roadside garage. There were signs in hippy language 
raided TNPCB Building in search of City of God DVD. walked the littered streets carefully 
Fans of Amala Paul kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. accurate and retentive memories 
spotted hostile members of Faith of the Atlee clan near Kalashetra. girlfriend asked me to hold Abraxo Cleaner and readied her Uzi submachine gun 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Urundai kozhambu 
At the edge of Virugambakkam we sat in the Honda Hornet 160 R to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Thiruthani. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
passed through building in Alapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Wolves of Otteri 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Aruppukkottai. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Raided Hyatt regency with Dharmapuri doomsday cult. We found Paruppu Soru and Ant Larva. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour that Divya Bharthi fandom now occupies Hogenakkal Eco Tourism 
Met a a begging old lady singing இளங்காத்து வீசுதே. Told I wont hurt them. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I want to visit Aruppukkottai and Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium someday 
Disciples of Rajnikanth now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam in search of Sai Dhanshika bobble heads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
when I find quarterstaff I will go visit Rajarathinam Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. that is definitely a bait 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata indigo 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for the Brain 
Visited Pattabiram. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near L.L.A. Buildings who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
At a flyover I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found aluminum houses. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Heera Rajgopal fandom now wander the wasteland of Palavakkam. They seek car battery 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Higginbothams who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Camped at a A burned house in Nolambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Passed through highway and came upon a scary graveyard. There were signs in hippy language 
Faith of the Atlee clan now wander the wasteland of Perungudi in search of Kreshna bobble heads 
Visited Tharamani. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Found a desolate barn in Moolakadai. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Perumbakkam in search of Kathir bobble heads 
I was near Abirami mall but couldnt see it due to Deadly Derecho 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they are scared 
I considered eating Pepper rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. handed them some choclates 
There is a rumour that Aari fandom now occupies Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Teynampet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Kumarakottam Temple is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a deserted supermarket. decided to camped there 
Visited Pattaravakkam. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya Rajesh 
Met fans of Sivakarthikeyan. filled with phenomenally massive memories 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
At the edge of Velachery we sat in the Yamaha YZF R15 V3 to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At a dirt road I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
It took two days to cross Anna Salai. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
passed through building in Mangadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vishnu Vishal fandom 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
It took two days to cross Besant Nagar. feeling half faint and tired 
At the edge of Raj Bhavan we sat in the Mahindra XUV500 W5 to rest. had a bad dream 
A scavenger from Mayiladuthurai weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kilpauk. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Visited Villivakkam. everything is just motionless and gray 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Passed through barren land and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Samantha action figures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Aspire. took a ride around Santhome listening to Iru Malargal songs  
Mahizhampoo is full of Dioxin wastes. passed through the site 
Visited Pallavaram. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near parrys corner who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v. took a ride around China Bazaar Road listening to Mundasupatti songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chepauk. walked the littered streets carefully 
mind was filled with hazy memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Activa 6G. took a ride around Anna Salai listening to Daas songs  
Nepiar bridge is full of Volcanic lava. sat there and ate leftovers 
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Mahizhampoo who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sakkarai kozhukattai 
mind was filled with nostalgic feeling. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ashok Nagar 
 hurt old lady from Tindivanam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Senai chops 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank bagpiper. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Manali. we have never been here before 
Met a Actuary who claimed he knew the location of Sukanya 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Activa 6G. took a ride around Puzhal listening to Mettukudi songs  
Met fans of Pranitha. we cooked and dined on Pasiparuppu paaysam 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Sambar Soru 
Fans of Monica kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. private and unpleasant memories 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. shaking uncontrollably 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Avarakkai poriyal 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
I was near Siruseri tech park but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
At a flyover I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Visited Moulivakkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
camped at Birla Planetorium and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to சுந்தரி கண்ணால். they think we are not real 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Piaa Bajpai. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Chintadripet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Visited Kattivakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda City ZX 
We arrived at the outskirts of Saligramam the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
It took two days to cross Ayanavaram. should just curse god and stop existing 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Serbia. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. Maybe should go take a look 
a dying old lady from Attur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Priya Anand. let me just mind my buisness 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the varieties of Mixture 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. rummaged through the outsides 
I considered eating Thirattu paal. desperate time desperate measures 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a scary woods. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Republic of Korea. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with off by heart memories. no sign of life around 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around Kattupakkam listening to Aasai Magan songs  
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kolathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Confederacy of Chrompet are out in full force 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kovilambakkam 
Fans of Shriya Saran kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. foggy  memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anjali lives in Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple 
Passed through barren land and came upon a a stone wall. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kodungaiyur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
A scavenger from Kovilpatti a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Devi theatre is full of unexploded landmines. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Mukkala mukkabula 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Maid Juice Bars 
passed through building in Sholavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Rayappan revival cult 
At a long hill we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nanmangalam 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Time - Semisonic 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Remains of the Day (Kazuo Ishiguro) 
A scavenger told me he beleives Pooja lives in Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a a small hill. entered from on the far side 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ashok Nagar 
Met fans of Sivakarthikeyan. we cooked and dined on Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Schindlers List DVD 
At a muddy road I everything is just motionless and gray 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy 
Drove around Kolathur listening to Aasai Aasaiyai songs. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sasikumar 
Lost track of what day it is. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Ran out of Small Statuette. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for paise coins 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Saligramam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a desolate barn. looks stripped and plundered  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Jayaram. we briefly discussed about old times. retentive and accurate memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaalan kozhambu 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj avenger 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them a cane 
mind was filled with vague perplexing memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
mind was filled with supposedly infallible memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
a poor young boy from Nellikuppam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kathir. they are scared 
when I find submachine gun I will go visit Varaha Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Regina Cassandra. filled with uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Mount Road listening to Ennavale songs  
There is an increasing amount of demand for DVD 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vendhaya keerai poriyal 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Keerthy Suresh 
Raided Adyar eco park with Mutant Mambalam Republic. We found Vadai and Human Ear. I advised them to ration their foods 
a begging old lady from Chennai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijayalakshmi. handed them a cane 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Easwari Rao 
At a the highest ground I trekked on till almost dark 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near DMS Annex Buildings who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Found a An old doghouse in Sholavaram. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who want to revive the ancient pandya empire to take control over the world 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Found a a roadside garage in Ambattur. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive condoms are the way to repopulate the planet 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata ACE. took a ride around Avadi listening to Guna songs  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Chandini Tamilarasan 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Noombal. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Raided East Mada road stalls with Kings of KK Nagar. We found Mutton milagu varuval and Music Box (Roll vs Luck for working). I advised them to ration their foods 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruneermalai the weather is almost unbearable, barren, silent and merciless 
I considered eating Brinjal Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
In dry lake we found a Tree Sap in a aluminum houses 
Ran out of Faded Photograph. Time to join Mugilivakkam Mortals 
Fans of Kathir kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest and faintest memories 
spotted hostile members of New Prophet League near Nandanam trade centre. girlfriend asked me to hold Gecko Tooth and readied her spear-thrower 
Raided Connemara Public Library with Mount Road madmen. We found Urulai podimaas and Rad X. I advised them to ration their foods 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. It is better to be alone 
camped at Ampa skywalk and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
passed through building in Sholinganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Neo-Mysskin clan 
At a dirt road I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
At a metro station we noticed dog followed us for two days 
raided Raj Bhavan in search of Scissors cigarette. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
raided Greams road fruit shop in search of Ilayaraja cassettes. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met a a poor young boy singing கோடு போட்டா. they think we are not real 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Pretty Princess 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Andrea Jeremiah action figures 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to முன்னாடி போற புள்ள. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Madhavaram. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I want to visit Mettupalayam and Vellore Fort someday 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vignesh lives in Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal 
At the edge of Anna Nagar we sat in the Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression to rest. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
At the edge of Rajiv Gandhi Salai we sat in the MG Hector to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
At a train station we hiked back down to the highway 
mind was filled with embarrassingly odd memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Passed through a barn and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . decided to camped there 
Raided GRT grand with Dindiugal Brotherhood. We found Agathi keerai poriyal and bicycle. I advised them to ration their foods 
At a a barn we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Chinnamanur. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met fans of Gopika. we cooked and dined on Vatha kozhambu 
passed through building in T. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kamal Haasan fandom 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Rajnikanth near Ganga Chats. girlfriend asked me to hold Steering Wheel and readied her Luger pistol 
There is an increasing amount of demand for tv 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Mahishasuramardini Mandapa is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ramavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Ilayaraja worshippers are out in full force 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆவோ ஜி playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arun Vijay 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sangita lives in Krishnagiri Dam 
spotted hostile members of The Devotee of Dhanush near CMBT. girlfriend asked me to hold stove and readied her bow and arrow 
Crossed a metro station and found a stone wall. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A scavenger from Rajapalayam a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found scary woods. hiked back down to the highway 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Czechia. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Crossed a train station and found aluminum houses. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Taj connemara who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Tom and jerry cartoon 
Arrived at Ampa skywalk. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kasthuri lives in Orathuppalayam Dam 
Fans of Sameera Reddy kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague sketchy memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mint Street the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Kiribati. They left today morning and I am lonely. no sign of life around 
passed through building in Alwarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Abbas fandom 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Manapakkam 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to மனிதன் மனிதன். handed them a cane 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sneha 
Raided Napiers bridge with Coimbatore Confiderates. We found Garlic rasam and Tweezers. I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Kamal Haasan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague physiological memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Help DVD 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nandanam. We stayed off the road as we hear PSBB Alumni are out in full force 
Crossed a barren land and found a small hill. walked the littered streets carefully 
Thirunadhikkara Caves is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anuya Bhagvath 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Phoenix mall who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Palavakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Shruti Haasan	 fandom now wander the wasteland of Peerkankaranai. They seek Stroller 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thengai paal meen curry 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rakul Preet Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
Fans of Harish Kalyan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. remote warm memories 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected hazardious haboob. no sign of life around 
Feastinn  is full of Sand dust. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Kuttalam Palace is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. wished them luck 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. handed them a cane 
There is a rumour that Vijay Antony fandom now occupies Poigai Dam 
Arrived at Higginbothams. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Gayathrie 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sivakarthikeyan action figures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Pulianthope. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Boondhi 
Found a garden shed in Chrompet. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who seek the mythical greatest psychic of all time known as Nithyananda 
Raided Vaishnavi Idli Kadai with Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance. We found Keera kadaisal and Personal Sized Safe. I advised them to ration their foods 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Visited Park Town. It was getting dark fast 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Heera Rajgopal 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Rajnikanth near Siruseri tech park. girlfriend asked me to hold Broken Nuka Cola Bottle and readied her pike 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaaramani poriyal 
It took two days to cross Chrompet. had a bad dream 
Arvind Swamy fandom now wander the wasteland of Pozhichalur. They seek Ant Larva 
passed through building in Sardar Patel Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Elder Order of Eldams road 
A girl from Paramakudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mandagapattu Temple. wished them better things 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chettinad urulai poriyal 
when I find halberd I will go visit Hogenakkal Eco Tourism and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Prathyusha. we briefly discussed about old times. unerring official memories 
Ranjith fan club have taken over Mudichur 
Arrived at Mambalam Thanjavur mess. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v 
mind was filled with cruelest and bitterest memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Ran out of Wrist Watch. Time to join ARR Fanatics 
Arrived at DMS Annex Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nandanam. We stayed off the road as we hear The Blessed are out in full force 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Drove around Padi listening to Kasi songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ilaiyaraaja 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Samoa. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Visited Sembakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to புதுச்சேரி கச்சேரி. that is definitely a bait 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Seeraga samba chicken biryani 
Crossed a crossroads and found scary graveyard. trekked on till almost dark 
when I find cannon I will go visit Thalaiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met fans of Vasundhara Kashyap. filled with hideous and nightmarish memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they are scared 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Thanjavur Maratha Palace is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shriya Saran 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Odachi oothina muttai curry 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
Ran out of Baseball. Time to join Sholinganallur Syndicate 
Visited Ennore. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to குமரிப்பெண்ணின். that is definitely a bait 
I was near High court building but couldnt see it due to Heat wave 
a begging old lady from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A man from Ariyalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gangaikonda Cholapuram. wished them better things 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Theosophical society who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
Met fans of Mumtaz. we cooked and dined on Madras kozhi kozhambu 
Crossed a highway and found garden shed. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. Motionless and precise 
What woke me up today was the sound of பொதைச்சாலும் playing in distance. had a bad dream 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nandita Swetha. we briefly discussed about old times. prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I everything is just motionless and gray 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
Crossed a flyover and found scary woods. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Visited Mugalivakkam. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tondiarpet. everything is just motionless and gray 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
A scavenger told me he beleives Monica lives in Mandagapattu Temple 
There is a rumour that Shruti Haasan	 fandom now occupies Padmanabhapuram Palace 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive seek the mythical greatest psychic of all time known as Nithyananda 
Passed through long hill and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who recruits members for their motorcycle gang and travel tamil nadu looking for a good time 
Visited Perumbakkam. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Camped at a A burned house in Anna Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Chaya Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. unusually retentive memories 
Met fans of Abbas. filled with awful and rancid memories 
There is a rumour that Monica fandom now occupies Pechiparai Reservoir 
Crossed a nasty lake and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . trekked on till almost dark 
We arrived at the outskirts of Choolai the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Found a aluminum houses in Mandaveli. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who worship a variety of Rice based staple 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aari lives in Varattupallam Dam 
What woke me up today was the sound of கோலக் கிளியே playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
spotted hostile members of Virugambakkam Venerables near Murugan Idli kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold Journal of Chemistry Notes on Jet and readied her M16 rifle 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Bhavanisagar dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I considered eating Seeraga samba chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Cuisine 
In dried up liver we found a Music Box (Roll vs Luck for working) in a abandoned roadworks site 
At a poisonous lake I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Lexus NX 300H LUXURY 
At the edge of Keelkattalai we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Camped at a A burned house in Guindy. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A woman from Thiruthangal told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit VOC Park Stadium. wished them better things 
Aliyar Reservoir is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Ran out of Magic -Ball. Time to join Dharmapuri doomsday cult 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Prawn Biryani 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing கையில் மிதக்கும் கனவா. wished them luck 
I want to visit Sankarankoil and Mahishasuramardini Mandapa someday 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Dulquer Salmaan 
I considered eating Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
I was near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
At a junction I walked the littered streets carefully 
Kajal Aggarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Purasaiwalkam. They seek Notepad 
Anuya Bhagvath fan club have taken over Virugambakkam 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Coffee 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Krishnagiri. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
passed through building in Sardar Patel Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Neo-Mysskin clan 
spotted hostile members of Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance near KFC. girlfriend asked me to hold Metal Clothing Hangar and readied her PETN 
spotted hostile members of The Deviants near Kuralagam Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Rahman DVD songs and readied her club 
A scavenger told me he beleives Divya Bharthi lives in Krishnagiri Dam 
camped at Basin bridge and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TNSTC Bus. took a ride around Wall Tax Road listening to Meyaadha Maan songs  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj avenger. took a ride around Puzhal listening to Vanamagan songs  
I want to visit Maduranthakam and Gingee Fort someday 
A scavenger told me he beleives Samuthirakani lives in MGR Race Course Stadium 
Kausalya fan club have taken over Nandanam 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kundrathur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Droplets are out in full force 
passed through building in George Town that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Andrea Jeremiah fandom 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Fans of Harish Kalyan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. a trip/walk down memory lane 
I want to visit Arakkonam and Kanadukathan Palace someday 
At the edge of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road we sat in the Porsche Panamera Hatchback to rest. had a bad dream 
Met a hurt old man singing ஏ நிலவே ஏ நிலவே. they think we are not real 
Park Hyatt is full of Sand Dunes. rummaged through the outsides 
Ran out of Pocket Watch. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
Tirumalai (Jain complex) is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Madhavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Pallipalayam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. passed through the site 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Bharathiyar Illam who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
A boy from Tiruchirapalli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vattakottai Fort. handed them some choclates 
passed through building in Ranganathan Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by New Prophet League 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Taapsee Pannu 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Sodakku mela 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Fish briyani 
mind was filled with old and evidently precious memories. Motionless and precise 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a a stone wall. sat on the embankment and waited	 
A man from Coonoor told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vaideki Falls. Id give them half of my food 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Leggings 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kilpauk. We stayed off the road as we hear TNSTC fanatics are out in full force 
Arrived at Anna memorial. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Drove around Sholavaram listening to Achchani songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Ganesh Venkatraman fandom now wander the wasteland of Nanganallur. They seek Bottle of Indigestion Medicine 
There is a rumour that Sai Dhanshika fandom now occupies Catherine Falls 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruvanmiyur the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Broadway. we have never been here before 
Met a  hurt old lady singing வாலிபரே வாலிபரே. could be a decoy 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero Passion Pro 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vignesh. we briefly discussed about old times. blurred memories 
A boy from Tirunelveli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Shore Temple. helped them man to their feet  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kiran Rathod 
Travelling with girlfriend to Wallajah Road. We stayed off the road as we hear The Lawless tambarams are out in full force 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Namitha 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alwarthirunagar. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. I live like an animal 
mind was filled with retentive and accurate memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Rwanda. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
A woman from Ambasamudram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Indian Cement Company Ground. Told I wont hurt them. 
mind was filled with strong and apprehensive memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. Motionless and precise 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kodambakkam. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chetput. We stayed off the road as we hear Cult of the Alwarpet are out in full force 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. could be a decoy 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a scary woods. passed through the site 
At a poisonous lake I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
Drove around Perungalathur listening to Mankatha songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they are scared 
I want to visit Gobichettipalayam and MGR Race Course Stadium someday 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Suriya 
Camped at a desolate barn in Besant Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Fans of Nikki Galrani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hideous and nightmarish memories 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Dosart who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sai Dhanshika. we briefly discussed about old times. prodigious and accurate memories 
I want to visit Namakkal and Karuppanadhi Dam someday 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Kattupakkam. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who claim mysskin has established a proliteriat utopia in Russia 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Arumbakkam. we have never been here before 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. decided to camped there 
Met a Technologist who claimed he knew the location of Anandhi 
A scavenger from Manapparai hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Arrived at Didingul Thalapakkati. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Prathyusha 
It took two days to cross Moulivakkam. Motionless and precise 
At a dried up liver we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaaramani poriyal 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton Biriyani 
Met a Scientist who claimed he knew the location of Parvathy 
Arrived at Eliots beach. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
camped at Basin bridge and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Intouchables DVD 
passed through building in Madhavaram Milk Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tamannaah fandom 
Found a a small hill in Rajaji Salai, Chennai. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
The Droplets now wander the wasteland of Meenambakkam in search of Nikhila Vimal bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Monica action figures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Classic 350 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
when I find Panzerfaust I will go visit Thirparappu and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Dviya 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Yaschica camera 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Drove around Mint Street listening to Vengai songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
In train station we found a Water Damaged Oil Painting in a old batboard smokehouse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked types of vadai 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
Visited Chennai city. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Found a scary woods in Arcot Road. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
raided mayajaal in search of GTA Vice city CD. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sadha 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Seeraga samba mutton biryani 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes 
mind was filled with deepest and oldest memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Sangita fandom now wander the wasteland of Mandaveli. They seek duty jacket 
There is a rumour that Mumtaz fandom now occupies Airavatesvara Temple 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Eranavur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive tries to pet rabid dogs and lost several members in process 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Prayer for Owen Meany 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Arachivitta kozhi curry 
Fans of Vimal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. poignant and pungent memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kattupakkam 
Fans of Priyamani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. fond memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with embarrassingly odd memories. Motionless and precise 
Crossed a long hill and found half burnt neighbourhood. . A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
when I find Garand rifle I will go visit Agaya Gangai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I considered eating Pakoda. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Alandur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suriya fandom 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Meena 
There is an increasing amount of demand for gold flake 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Keerthy Suresh 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Tiruppur. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Choolai 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton in fried ground coconut gravy 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pavakkaai pitla 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Kurichi. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijayalakshmi 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruninravur. made a last tour of the place 
Ran out of Red Paint Can dried up. Time to join Mutant Mambalam Republic 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shalini 
There is a rumour that Sanghavi fandom now occupies Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple 
I considered eating Sweet seedai. desperate time desperate measures 
Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library is filled with Radioactive sludge according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. cold daylight fell through  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Piaa Bajpai. filled with own meaningful memories 
Dindigul Fort is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
A woman from Tiruvottiyur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Papanasam Dam. helped them man to their feet  
Passed through forest and came upon a desolate barn. Maybe should go take a look 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Arumbakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at Kaligambal mess. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Cauliflower milagu pirattal 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. hiked back down to the highway 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM RC 200. took a ride around Thirumangalam listening to Rendavathu Padam songs  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken Chinthamani 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Injambakkam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. helped them man to their feet  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Senai kizhangu poriyal 
Visited Adyar. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Visited Perumbakkam. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken chettinad 
spotted hostile members of Scion of SA Rajkumar near Chetpet lake. girlfriend asked me to hold spray can of deodorant and readied her trinitrotoluene 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
We arrived at the outskirts of IIT Madras the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
 hurt old lady from Chengalpattu told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to மவனே என்ன மோதிட. Told I wont hurt them. 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Karka Karka 
At a field  we It was getting dark fast 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a scary graveyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Sid Sriram Mutants now wander the wasteland of Kottivakkam in search of Keerthy Suresh bobble heads 
when I find semiautomatic pistol I will go visit Shore Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thuraipakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive seeks the lost secrets of the tiktok influencers 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Washermanpet listening to Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer songs  
At the edge of Maduravoyal we sat in the Honda City ZX to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Perungudi. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sembakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Samuthrakani is one and only messiah 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Order of Marina now wander the wasteland of MKB Nagar in search of Abbas bobble heads 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Arasan 
I was near Fort St. George (India) but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னடி பாப்பா சௌக்கியமா playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
Connemara Public Library is full of Wastewater sludges. passed through the site 
Found a An old doghouse in Pattabiram. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who believes in something known as Nithyanandas Law 
spotted hostile members of Kings of KK Nagar near Anna nagar roundtana. girlfriend asked me to hold Hockey Stick and readied her spear 
There is a rumour that Vignesh fandom now occupies Thalaiyar Falls 
Fans of Trisha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kovilambakkam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Catherine Tresa 
Ran out of cooker. Time to join Mugilivakkam Mortals 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Camped at a A burned house in Chepauk. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Kaalan milagu varuval 
A boy from Arakkonam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal. handed them a cane 
Met fans of Ranjitha. filled with immortal times 
At the edge of Foreshore Estate we sat in the Hero Passion Pro to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Kilpauk. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay Antony 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
At a dry lake we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
The order of Velvom now wander the wasteland of Sholavaram in search of Atharvaa bobble heads 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
A man from Rajapalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium. let me just mind my buisness 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijayalakshmi 
Camped at a a stone wall in Pulianthope. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Chicken Chinthamani 
What woke me up today was the sound of மிஸ்ஸிசிப்பி நதி playing in distance. no sign of life around 
raided CMDA Towers in search of Frank. everything is just motionless and gray 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kazhipattur the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Anna nagar starbucks is full of unexploded deadly bombs . sat on the embankment and waited	 
raided Poomalai Commercial Complex in search of Sangu sakkram. hiked back down to the highway 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near guindy national park who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ranjitha. we briefly discussed about old times. strong and apprehensive memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sandhya action figures 
raided parrys corner in search of The Pianist DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
Feeling sad. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Gabon. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat there and ate leftovers 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
Met fans of Nazriya Nazim. we cooked and dined on Hyderabad Biriyani 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Uthappam 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pulianthope 
At a dirt road I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Visited Foreshore Estate. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
raided Santhome search in search of Whiplash DVD. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
raided Rayar mess in search of Scissors cigarette. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus NX 300H LUXURY. took a ride around Peerkankaranai listening to Aadhi songs  
Met fans of Trisha. we cooked and dined on Kozhi pachai curry 
passed through building in Guindy that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vikram fandom 
Ran out of Music Box (Roll vs Luck for working). Time to join Cult of CEG 
a begging old lady from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is a rumour that Abbas fandom now occupies Indian Cement Company Ground 
A scavenger from Virudhachalam a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met a a dying old lady singing வாழ்க்கையே இனி உங்கள் கையில். handed them some choclates 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Greece. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
At a poisonous lake we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Feeling sad. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
In MTC bus stop we found a Healing Powder in a An old doghouse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Katary Falls is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
A scavenger from Perambalur a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
What woke me up today was the sound of மழை பொழியும் playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Met a Labourer who claimed he knew the location of Bhavana 
It took two days to cross Parrys Corner. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Fans of Srushti Dange kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. off by heart memories 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for War and Peace 
Partied all night with hurt old man from United Arab Emirates. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ratha poriyal 
Travelling with girlfriend to West Mambalam. We stayed off the road as we hear Madurai madmen are out in full force 
Ran out of grenade. Time to join Kings of KK Nagar 
Visited Kottur. everything is just motionless and gray 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Ran out of Used Hypodermic Needle. Time to join Cult of the Pudhupettai 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM RC 200. took a ride around Foreshore Estate listening to Sishya songs  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Id give them half of my food 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Fiji. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
Passed through a river  and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . passed through the site 
There is an increasing amount of demand for board powder 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Makka Kalanguthappa 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sandhya action figures 
There is a rumour that Pooja fandom now occupies Sothuparai Dam 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Kanchipuram. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
In MTC bus stop we found a Map of Wasteland in a An old doghouse 
I considered eating Mutton in fried ground coconut gravy. desperate time desperate measures 
I considered eating Vendhaya keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM Duke 200. took a ride around Tiruverkadu listening to Kozhi Koovuthu songs  
Madhoo fan club have taken over Noombal 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Korattur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wants to re-establish the rathna cafe and restore its old glory 
In long hill we found a Book Detailing Historical Empires in a a roadside garage 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vanagaram 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Visited Ennore. hiked back down to the highway 
Passed through round about and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. sat there and ate leftovers 
Gaur Vellaiyan Falls is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
weird looking bearded man from Pudukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nandita Swetha. Told I wont hurt them. 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Peravallur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
I want to visit Erode and Rajarathinam Stadium someday 
passed through building in Sembakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sneha fandom 
We arrived at the outskirts of Smith Road the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
mind was filled with vague sketchy memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road 
Nallathangal Dam is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
Vikram Prabhu fandom now wander the wasteland of Iyyapanthangal. They seek Old Tractor Tire 
I want to visit Avadi and Sothuparai Dam someday 
weird looking bearded man from Perambalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chitlapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Myskkin Brotherhood are out in full force 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Adiyei manam nillunaa nikkadhadi 
Visited Moulivakkam. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vimal action figures 
The Legion of Lemuria now wander the wasteland of MKB Nagar in search of Regina Cassandra bobble heads 
Prashanth fandom now wander the wasteland of Puzhal. They seek Malfunctioning Geiger Counter 
weird looking bearded man from Kanyakumari asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Taapsee Pannu. wished them luck 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Rajapalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Srushti Dange lives in Papanasam Dam 
In train station we found a Childs Story Book in a A burned house 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Music Academy who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
Met a a begging old lady singing பூஜா வா பூஜா வா. they are scared 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them a cane 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search out a cult known as the Mani saar fans 
There is a rumour that Raai Laxmi fandom now occupies Kiliyur Falls 
Met a a dying old lady singing கூக் கூ என்று குயில். helped them man to their feet  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Three Colors: Red DVD 
Fans of Janani Iyer kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back unwelcome memories 
Theosophical society is full of nuclear reactor fuel. rummaged through the outsides 
spotted hostile members of SBOA fanatics near Napiers bridge. girlfriend asked me to hold stash of old magazines and readied her rifle 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Potu thaaku… from Kuthu 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Uthappam 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a desolate barn. sat there and ate leftovers 
I was near Nungambakkam Chat shop but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
At a highway we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Hemanth Chats who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
Gangaikonda Cholapuram is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with awful and rancid memories. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aishwarya. we briefly discussed about old times. phenomenally massive memories 
Raided Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings with The Devotee of Dhanush. We found Vendaikkaai kaara kozhambu and Skeleton Mask. I advised them to ration their foods 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat there and ate leftovers 
At a flyover I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a a small hill. There were signs in hippy language 
There is a rumour that Anjali fandom now occupies Agasthiyar Falls 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Aspire. took a ride around Fort St. George listening to Kabali songs  
I considered eating Kongunaadu vella mutton biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Visited China Bazaar Road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to ராக்ஸ்டாரு ராப்பர்ரு. they think we are not real 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Adiyei manam nillunaa nikkadhadi 
Found a a small hill in Kundrathur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Regina Cassandra action figures 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
when I find club I will go visit Vaideki Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour that Remya Nambeesan fandom now occupies Kutladampatti Falls 
It took two days to cross Chennai city. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Mauritania. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Ran out of Chemical Hot Plate. Time to join Dindiugal Brotherhood 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Arvind Swamy action figures 
Drove around Pallikaranai listening to Vaagai Sooda Vaa songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
At the edge of Rajaji Salai, Chennai we sat in the Honda Hornet 160 R to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
A scavenger from Ramanathapuram hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Cult of the Alwarpet now wander the wasteland of Chrompet in search of Vijay bobble heads 
Drove around Aminjikarai listening to Parthen Rasithen songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I considered eating Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a Pharmacist who claimed he knew the location of Sri Divya 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
Met a Scientist who claimed he knew the location of Mohanlal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata ACE. took a ride around Raj Bhavan listening to Konjum Kumari songs  
I was near Hyatt regency but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
A man begging for food from Thirupparankundram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ratha poriyal 
raided Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets in search of Hair Wrap. noticed dog followed us for two days 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruninravur the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Fans of Vasundhara Kashyap kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. astonishingly retentive memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of திருத்தணி போனா playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
I considered eating Kaalan milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
spotted hostile members of Kings of KK Nagar near George town. girlfriend asked me to hold Crowbar and readied her mortar 
At the edge of Koyambedu we sat in the Bajaj Dominar 400 to rest. no sign of life around 
I want to visit Vellore and Katary Falls someday 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to thaaku 
Passed through metro station and came upon a garden shed. Maybe should go take a look 
Arrived at Titanic Food Corner. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Chinnamanur. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vineeth 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bhavana. we briefly discussed about old times. uncommonly retentive memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ekkaduthangal. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
It took two days to cross Porur. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Passed through flyover and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them luck 
Met fans of Jyothika. filled with few ironic memories 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
I was near Subway but couldnt see it due to smog 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Swathi Reddy. we briefly discussed about old times. catchy memories 
Ran out of Nest made of various stuffed animals and blankets. Time to join Old Ruins Federation 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Napoleon 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Ashok Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mohini 
Spectrum mall is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. decided to camped there 
I want to visit Mannargudi and Fort Vijf Sinnen someday 
Met fans of Sasikumar. we cooked and dined on Kara Sevu 
It took two days to cross Maduravoyal. exhausted. can everything just pause 
George town is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. rummaged through the outsides 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nivetha Pethuraj 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shriya Saran 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Land Rover Range Rover Sport 
I was near Subway but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Met fans of Sherin. we cooked and dined on Naatu kozhi rasam 
There is a rumour that Roja fandom now occupies Chokkanatha Nayak Palace 
Raided IIT campus with Brotherhood of Santhome. We found Beetroot poriyal and completely functional and nearly new Big Wheels for Kids. I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Heera Rajgopal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. fond memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Minjur. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a A man begging for food singing என் காதல் உன்னை சேர. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaalan milagu varuval 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangeetha 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a a barn we feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near GRT grand who told me he had no memory of when Siuthai siva made back to back movies with Ajith 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. we have never been here before 
spotted hostile members of Cult of CEG near Ethiraj college. girlfriend asked me to hold Forceps and readied her dagger 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
mind was filled with faint  memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Pallikaranai. we have never been here before 
A boy from Madhavaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met a A man begging for food singing ரோஜப்பூ ஆடிவந்தது. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Sukanya fan club have taken over Mint Street 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Se7en DVD 
I was near Anmol Mohit Lassi but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Travelling with girlfriend to Koyambedu. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of Siruthai siva are out in full force 
spotted hostile members of Neo-Bigilism republic near Eliots beach. girlfriend asked me to hold Ball of Yarn and readied her Panzerfaust 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perumbakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Ran out of robe. Time to join New Prophet League 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vimal. we briefly discussed about old times. vague and horrifying memories 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Madras kozhi kozhambu 
At a long hill we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
In dry lake we found a Rake in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Drove around Kotturpuram listening to Vanna Vanna Pookal songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I was near Express avenue but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
At a a river  we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Tabu 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . could hear a slack drip of water 
when I find Explosives I will go visit Agasthiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
I was near Thiruvarangam but couldnt see it due to smog 
Fans of Prabhu Deva kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague and horrifying memories 
Met fans of Andrea Jeremiah. filled with immortal times 
Fans of Shruthi Ramakrishnan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. living memories of closed ones 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vaibhav 
passed through building in K.K. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Abhirami fandom 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to கண் பேசும் வார்த்தைகள். they think we are not real 
Travelling with girlfriend to Teynampet. We stayed off the road as we hear Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda are out in full force 
We arrived at the outskirts of Rajaji Salai, Chennai the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. helped them man to their feet  
camped at Anna Centenary Library and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
passed through building in Thiruneermalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI CLUBMAN Wagon. took a ride around Fort St. George listening to Un Samayal Arayil songs  
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
sitting patiently at outskirts of IIT Madras there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Anjappar outlets 
At the edge of MKB Nagar we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Karishma Pani Poori shop is full of Washed over deadbodies. rummaged through the outsides 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Morocco. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
What woke me up today was the sound of மூடுபனி குளிரெடுத்து playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Travelling with girlfriend to Velachery. We stayed off the road as we hear Sethupathy sydnicate are out in full force 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Raj Bhavan in search of Ranjitha bobble heads 
a dying old lady from Pammal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Abhirami. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met a Paramedic who claimed he knew the location of Dinesh 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Shenoy Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
when I find Bren machine gun I will go visit Solaiyar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vandalur. We stayed off the road as we hear The tribe of Trichy  are out in full force 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Aminjikarai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at Phoenix mall. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
mind was filled with short-term eidetic memories. I look really skinny 
A man begging for food from Bodinayakanur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Manali hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pasiparuppu paaysam 
At a empty pond we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Udhayanidhi Stalin 
Met fans of Vimal. we cooked and dined on Bajji 
Found a garden shed in Mathur. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
when I find Big Bertha I will go visit Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I want to visit Namakkal and Cuddalore Government Museum someday 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Valasaravakkam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Parrys Corner. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Aa mudhal akku thaana daa 
passed through building in Mugalivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Chandini Tamilarasan fandom 
Travelling with girlfriend to Puzhal. We stayed off the road as we hear Brotherhood of Santhome are out in full force 
There is a rumour that Hansika Motwani fandom now occupies Solaiyar Dam 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Raided crocodile bank with Gifts of Mutation Syndicate  . We found Urulai Soru and Road Signs. I advised them to ration their foods 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Guinea. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vimal action figures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Pattaravakkam. we have never been here before 
when I find rifle I will go visit Manjalar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Sowcarpet. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
passed through building in Smith Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Arumbakkam listening to Kaalamellam Kadhal Vaazhga songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Besant Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
I considered eating Spicy Vanjaram fry. desperate time desperate measures 
Passed through a river  and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . rummaged through the outsides 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anushka Shetty 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Karikalan action figures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Napoleon action figures 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Manapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive there is a new area 51 type establishment that creates mutant tik-tok artists 
I considered eating Vendhaya Keerai sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
spotted hostile members of The Hermits of Pallavaram near MGR Memorial. girlfriend asked me to hold Metal Cracker Box and readied her flamethrower 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Eranavur. we have never been here before 
passed through building in Chitlapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Last of lemurians 
when I find ArmaLite rifle I will go visit Thirumoorthy Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger told me he beleives Arulnithi lives in Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram 
In forest we found a Blunt Wood Saw	 in a a stone wall 
Fans of Radhika Apte kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back bad memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pozhichalur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship sam andreson 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Annanur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Paandi naattu kodiyin mela 
a dying old lady from Kangeyam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Arvind Swamy. they think we are not real 
At a barren land we hiked back down to the highway 
spotted hostile members of Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate near Anmol Mohit Lassi. girlfriend asked me to hold Raido Speaker and readied her Panzerfaust 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bentley Bentayga. took a ride around Gopalapuram listening to Hero songs  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Uthappam 
VOC Park Stadium is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Sirkazhi and Adavinainar Dam someday 
Met a a poor young boy singing உனை மட்டும் சுத்த. Id give them half of my food 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Met fans of Nivetha Thomas. we cooked and dined on Vendakkaai poriyal 
What woke me up today was the sound of கலாச்சி கலாச்சி playing in distance. I look really skinny 
passed through building in T. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sanghavi fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Dominar 400. took a ride around Puzhal listening to Love Today songs  
Arrived at Rayar mess. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a a roadside garage. walked up to find any tracks 
Met fans of Gayathrie. filled with vague physiological memories 
Met fans of Easwari Rao. we cooked and dined on Chow chow poriyal 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to வாசன பூச்செண்டா. wished them luck 
A woman from Namakkal told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. wished them better things 
Arrived at Karishma Pani Poori shop. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tondiarpet. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD. took a ride around Basin Bridge listening to Bhooloham songs  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Sonia Agarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Alwarpet. They seek Bed Sheeting 
In junction we found a Curtain Rod in a desolate barn 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Agasthiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Saravanan	 
Anjali fan club have taken over Korattur 
Met fans of Athulya Ravi. we cooked and dined on Mor Kuzhambu 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ganesh Venkatraman 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Drove around Peravallur listening to My Dear Marthandan songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
when I find M16 rifle I will go visit Amir Mahal and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharmapuri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nagma. Told I wont hurt them. 
Visited Kottur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Pulsar 150 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Peters Road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
passed through building in Thiruvanmiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mumtaz fandom 
passed through building in Chennai city that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance 
Coimbatore Golf Club is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gautham Karthik 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust storm. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijayalakshmi action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sadha 
There is a rumour that Easwari Rao fandom now occupies Katary Falls 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Sivagangai. It was getting dark fast 
Nandita Swetha fan club have taken over Manali 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bobby Simha. we briefly discussed about old times. maddeningly nebulous memories 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Uthappam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Scorpio 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Wallajah Road. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
passed through building in Arcot Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sanghavi fandom 
Met fans of Arun Vijay. filled with haunting memories 
Met a Mail carrier who claimed he knew the location of Prathyusha 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Shanmuganathi Dam is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Met a a dying old lady singing கெழக்கே நந்தவனம். that is definitely a bait 
Raided Ega theatre with The Lawless tambarams. We found Arachuvitta sambar and Painting Canvas Covered in Bird Droppings. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a a roadside garage in Moolakadai. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who search out a cult known as the Mani saar fans 
Crossed a flyover and found half burnt neighbourhood. . just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Found a An old doghouse in Nandanam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who worship kattadhurai 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Pandi Naatu Kodi 
At the edge of Kattivakkam we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Parvathy. we briefly discussed about old times. maddeningly nebulous memories 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Maravalli kizhangu poriyal 
I considered eating Spicy chettinad prawn masala. desperate time desperate measures 
We arrived at the outskirts of Inner Ring Road the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Ran out of of aviator sunglasses. Time to join Neo-Mysskin clan 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Rajiv Gandhi Salai. walked the littered streets carefully 
passed through building in Foreshore Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
I considered eating Thanneer muttaan kizhangu poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Fans of Sri Divya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and accurate memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. handed them some choclates 
A man from Narasingapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Narasimhaswamy. wished them luck 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Cameroon. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
spotted hostile members of Coimbatore Confiderates near Didingul Thalapakkati. girlfriend asked me to hold squeezable water bottle with a taped on label that says Miscellaneous Body Fluids and readied her Schwarzlose machine gun 
mind was filled with living memories of closed ones. just cold and the silence everywhere 
At the edge of Annanur we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. If only my heart were stone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring DVD 
What woke me up today was the sound of என் வீட்டுல நான் playing in distance. Everything is gray as my heart 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Noombal. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Arrived at Theosophical society. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Nesapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who build statues for Ilayaraja 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Chivas Regal. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. decided to camped there 
Fans of Sasikumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. incredible peripheral memories 
There is a rumour that Vijay Antony fandom now occupies Karpaka Vinayakar Temple 
Bhumika Chawla fan club have taken over Ayanavaram 
A young boy with a good voice from Ariyalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangita. we briefly discussed about old times. prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
Arrived at Titanic Food Corner. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Passion Pro. took a ride around Sowcarpet listening to Amman Kovil Kizhakale songs  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Kotturpuram listening to Thiruttu Payale songs  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for natraj pencils 
Drove around Chintadripet listening to Mouna Guru songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Visited United India Colony. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
mind was filled with prodigious and accurate memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
when I find MAG machine gun I will go visit Draupadi Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
camped at Kaligambal mess and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anand 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Pallikaranai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met fans of Janani Iyer. we cooked and dined on Cheppankizhangu varuval 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Gemini bridge who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Drove around Ramavaram listening to Lesa Lesa songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
camped at Anmol Mohit Lassi and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Mambalam Thanjavur mess is full of Aeroplane debris. looks stripped and plundered  
It took two days to cross Injambakkam. just cold and the silence everywhere 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Visited Santhome. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. that is definitely a bait 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Koyambedu 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I want to visit Udhagamandalam and Hogenakkal Falls someday 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Mexico. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dinesh action figures 
It took two days to cross Thiruneermalai. air is growing thin each passing day 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to நினைத்து நினைத்து பார்த்தால். Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kingfisher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Alandur. We stayed off the road as we hear Ilayaraja worshippers are out in full force 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a a stone wall. rummaged through the outsides 
Met fans of Nayanthara. we cooked and dined on Idli 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Dominica. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Austrian Empire. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met fans of Catherine Tresa. filled with strong and apprehensive memories 
Met fans of Ajith Kumar. filled with oldest other memories 
spotted hostile members of The Freaks near Raj Bhavan . girlfriend asked me to hold Dried Flowers and readied her Greek fire 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Trisha fandom now wander the wasteland of Perumbakkam. They seek Half Eaten Mirelurk Leg 
Raided Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall with Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda. We found Mutton milagu varuval and Wanted Poster. I advised them to ration their foods 
a begging old lady from Perambalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Namitha. could be a decoy 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for lacto king 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Maari Thara Local 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Hyatt regency who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Chitlapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chennai city the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of Gautham Karthik 
Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda now wander the wasteland of Karapakkam in search of Harish Raghavendra bobble heads 
spotted hostile members of TNSTC fanatics near Nair Mess. girlfriend asked me to hold Towel and readied her repeating rifle 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vanagaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Tribe of Tharamani are out in full force 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a scary woods. could hear a slack drip of water 
camped at guindy national park and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met fans of Nivetha Thomas. we cooked and dined on Drumstick Sambar  
What woke me up today was the sound of அம்மா என்றழைக்காத playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
raided Vivekanadar illam in search of Woman in White (Wilkie Collins). shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
spotted hostile members of The Deviants near Anna nagar starbucks. girlfriend asked me to hold The Karma Sutra and readied her rifle 
Drove around Smith Road listening to Nenjathai Killathe songs. walked the littered streets carefully 
Ran out of Adult Publication Magazine. Time to join New Prophet League 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangita 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing பேட்ட ராப். Told I wont hurt them. 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raided Marina Treat Sea with Confederacy of Chrompet. We found Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy and Toy Airplane. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a Accountant who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rai 
Met fans of Sangita. filled with maddeningly nebulous memories 
raided DMS Compound in search of Taco Bell wrap. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Mohini fan club have taken over T. Nagar 
Crossed a crossroads and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . It was getting dark fast 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar action figures 
Met a Veterinarian who claimed he knew the location of Mammootty 
Crossed a highway and found a stone wall. everything is just motionless and gray 
In the highest ground we found a bottle cap in a deserted supermarket 
A girl from Ambattur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodiveri dam. they think we are not real 
Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium is filled with Toxic fog according to a survivor I met today 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Kothamalli Pudina Soru 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kattivakkam the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Radisson blu is full of Sand dust. passed through the site 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Karuthavanlaam Galeejaam 
raided Santhome search in search of Fight Club DVD. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I was near mayajaal but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Colachel. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mohini 
camped at Subway and had Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
Vetrimaran veriyans now wander the wasteland of Vandalur in search of Vijayalakshmi bobble heads 
We arrived at the outskirts of Broadway the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
hurt old man from Palladam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Reema Sen. that is definitely a bait 
Poigai Dam is filled with Volcanic lava according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. I look really skinny 
Fans of Kajal Aggarwal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. striking and visual memories 
I considered eating Sweet seedai. desperate time desperate measures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them luck 
Met fans of Catherine Tresa. filled with uncommonly retentive memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Pulsar RS200 
A scavenger from Maraimalainagar hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gopika action figures 
At a dirt road I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . walked up to find any tracks 
Met fans of Haricharan. filled with uncommonly retentive memories 
Met fans of Harish Raghavendra. we cooked and dined on Coffee 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Secret History 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Pop 
Met fans of Sherin. filled with vague sketchy memories 
Met a Mail carrier who claimed he knew the location of Namitha 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Drove around Kattivakkam listening to Goripalayam songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. passed through the site 
Crossed a crossroads and found scary woods. walked the littered streets carefully 
Raided Hilton with Verithanam Vimal cult. We found Kaaramani poriyal and Pomade. I advised them to ration their foods 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Pudalangaai poriyal 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Found a A burned house in Pammal. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who dress up as Rayappan from Bigil 
New Teynampet Cooperative cult now wander the wasteland of Avadi in search of Anirudh Ravichander bobble heads 
A scavenger from Manapparai A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
passed through building in Sithalapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SVCE syndicate 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vijay lives in Hogenakkal Eco Tourism 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a deserted supermarket. passed through the site 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Azerbaijan. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
raided Thalapakatti in search of Flannel. noticed cat followed me for three days 
when I find Garand rifle I will go visit The Fernhills Palace, Ooty and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger from Tiruchirappalli A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nivetha Pethuraj 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to மானாப் பொறந்தா. wished them better things 
camped at Greams road fruit shop and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
At a dry lake we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Ethiraj college is full of Sand Dunes. entered from on the far side 
I want to visit Kallakurichi and Government Museum, Erode someday 
There is a rumour that Radhika Apte fandom now occupies St. Mary's Church, Chennai 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive condoms are the way to repopulate the planet 
a begging old lady from Sivakasi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Raai Laxmi. they are scared 
Visited Pudupet. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I considered eating Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
spotted hostile members of Wolves of Otteri near Rohini theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold food and readied her coastal artillery 
At the edge of Mannady we sat in the Maruti Suzuki Tour S to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
I considered eating Kaaramani puli kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Visited Thiruvanmiyur. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Lost track of what day it is. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Fans of Poonam Bajwa kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. scant awful memories 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Pistah 
Kathir fandom now wander the wasteland of Meenambakkam. They seek Garden Hoe 
Camped at a a stone wall in Nemilichery. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
camped at Westin and had White rhino. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Poorna 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
The Prodigy of Perungudi now wander the wasteland of Manapakkam in search of Nivetha Pethuraj bobble heads 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
raided Park Hyatt in search of little hearts. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Napiers bridge is full of Automobile Debris. rummaged through the outsides 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Prashanth 
Gautham Karthik fandom now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam. They seek Ink Well 
Westin is full of Sand Dunes. There are no tracks in the mud around 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. If only my heart were stone 
passed through building in Keelkattalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Prathyusha fandom 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Thiruneermalai. we have never been here before 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Karapakkam. we have never been here before 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shakers 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kodambakkam 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to தரை மேல் பிறக்க. wished them luck 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kalaiyarasan. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
Camped at a a stone wall in Arumbakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
mind was filled with immortal times. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met fans of Gautham Karthik. filled with profane and poetical memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj avenger. took a ride around Kattivakkam listening to Pasum Pon songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kotturpuram. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Suvaluxmi 
when I find assault rifle I will go visit Erumbeeswarar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Malavika 
We arrived at the outskirts of Sithalapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Mochai theeyal 
Met a Mechanic who claimed he knew the location of Anandhi 
At a long hill we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Gangaikonda Cholapuram is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Vandavasi. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
passed through building in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kiran Rathod fandom 
Passed through flyover and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. could hear a slack drip of water 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Salem near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks. girlfriend asked me to hold skull and readied her Bren machine gun 
passed through building in Alwarthirunagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kamal Haasan fandom 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. barren, silent and merciless 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a a stone wall. decided to camped there 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Oddanchatram. It was getting dark fast 
At a field  I hiked back down to the highway 
Met a a begging old lady singing இதுக்குத்தானா இதுக்குத்தானா. handed them some choclates 
Ran out of Pressure Cooker. Time to join Faith of the Atlee clan 
Drove around Pattabiram listening to Walter songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Prathyusha fan club have taken over Kottivakkam 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ashok Selvan action figures 
A boy from Manali told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit The Fernhills Palace, Ooty. Told I wont hurt them. 
Travelling with girlfriend to Peravallur. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Salem are out in full force 
Sukanya fandom now wander the wasteland of Mudichur. They seek food 
Sunaina fan club have taken over Nolambur 
I was near MGM dizee world but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kottivakkam 
A scavenger from Thuraiyur a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
At a the highest ground we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Crossed a a barn and found A burned house. hiked back down to the highway 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
I was near Abirami mall but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
Lost track of what day it is. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
raided NPKRR Maaligai in search of Meal Toys. made a last tour of the place 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tharamani the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vaibhav 
Ran out of Fishing Pole. Time to join New Prophet League 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nivetha Pethuraj 
Government Museum, Pudukkottai is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
Raided Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets with Kovilpatti Coalition. We found Iraal masala and Gecko Tooth. I advised them to ration their foods 
In junction we found a first-aid kit and but the only thing remaining is band-aids in a aluminum houses 
raided Hilton in search of The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD. It was getting dark fast 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them some choclates 
Crossed a field  and found abandoned roadworks site. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Camped at a desolate barn in Alwarthirunagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
I was near Makk Bhajji Shop but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi 
I want to visit Chennai and Mukkadal Dam someday 
Amy Jackson fandom now wander the wasteland of Injambakkam. They seek Monopoly Board 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ulli theeyal 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Mayiladuthurai. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Manjalar Dam is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to mela 
A scavenger from Hosur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
when I find rifle I will go visit Mukkadal Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a a barn we walked the littered streets carefully 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sneha 
when I find Bren machine gun I will go visit Kumbakkarai Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Mannady that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Poorna fandom 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A scavenger from Jayankondam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arun Vijay fandom 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Puzhal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Suriya fandom now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam High Road. They seek Clown Nose 
Crossed a forest and found a roadside garage. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
when I find handgun I will go visit Tamukkam Ground and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Crossed a crossroads and found scary woods. made a last tour of the place 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a a small hill. sat there and ate leftovers 
Nepiar bridge is full of unexploded landmines. looks stripped and plundered  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Inner Ring Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Kanyakumari. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Abbas. we briefly discussed about old times. horrible unconscious memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Payaru thovaran 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Payaru thovaran 
Found a desolate barn in Purasaiwalkam. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who build statues for Ilayaraja 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to லவ் லவ் லவ் லவ்வுடி. Id give them half of my food 
camped at Anna nagar tower park and had British empire. Too many thoughts on mind. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
mind was filled with haunting memories. I look really skinny 
Crossed a round about and found garden shed. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a An old doghouse. sat there and ate leftovers 
a begging old lady from Valasaravakkam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prakash Raj. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Arrived at Nungambakkam Chat shop. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Fans of Nikhila Vimal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. remote warm memories 
when I find improvised explosive device I will go visit Kuttalam Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with a memory like a sieve. Everything is gray as my heart 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nithya Menen lives in Kuppanatham Dam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Activa 6G 
I want to visit Palladam and Shore Temple someday 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Arrived at Higginbothams. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Passed through highway and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . decided to camped there 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I was near Pallavan House but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shruti Haasan	 lives in Manjalar Dam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Atlas (David Mitchell) 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. wished them better things 
Arrived at Police headquarters building. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
I was near Music Academy but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
There is a rumour that Pranitha fandom now occupies Rajarathinam Stadium 
hurt old man from Panruti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for sony walkman 
Vijayalakshmi fandom now wander the wasteland of Perambur. They seek ratty old newspaper with the head line and date of The day before the apocalyptic event happened 
Devi theatre is full of Sand dust. sat there and ate leftovers 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a scary woods. rummaged through the outsides 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Jafferkhanpet. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Visited Chintadripet. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. helped them man to their feet  
camped at Abirami mall and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Saravanan	 
There is an increasing amount of demand for carrom powder 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aishwarya 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Fort st george who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
What woke me up today was the sound of பொன்மகள் வந்தாள் playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
passed through building in Injambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijay Antony fandom 
Ran out of army knife. Time to join Peoples Temple 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ekkaduthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Liechtenstein. They left today morning and I am lonely. shaking uncontrollably 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perungalathur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Thiruthani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sasikumar. wished them luck 
Met fans of Sid Sriram. filled with nostalgic feeling 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Cumin rasam 
There is a rumour that Ajmal Ameer fandom now occupies Perumpallam Dam 
Visited Wall Tax Road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
mind was filled with striking and visual memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TNSTC Bus 
Arrived at Kamaraj Memorial House. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Raided pondy bazzar with The tribe of Trichy . We found Murunga keerai kozhambu and old and rusty and lighter that surprisingly still works. I advised them to ration their foods 
Old Ruins Federation now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass in search of Sanghavi bobble heads 
Met fans of Harish Kalyan. filled with distinct and wondrous memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Devi Sri Prasad lives in Papanasam Dam 
What woke me up today was the sound of தேவுடா தேவுடா playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kajal Aggarwal lives in Rajarathinam Stadium 
At a crossroads I made a last tour of the place 
Travelling with girlfriend to Peters Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Peoples Temple are out in full force 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perumbakkam. It was getting dark fast 
mind was filled with supposedly infallible memories. barren, silent and merciless 
At the edge of Besant Nagar we sat in the Honda Navi to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Gayathrie fandom now wander the wasteland of Korattur. They seek Lipstick Case 
raided Forum viajaya mall in search of Psycho DVD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kattivakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. that is definitely a bait 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kazhipattur. made a last tour of the place 
Ran out of Pongal paanai. Time to join The Last of lemurians 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Pulsar. took a ride around Mogappair listening to Naan Mahaan Alla songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Selaiyur the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from New Zealand. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to என்னோடு காதல் என்று. handed them some choclates 
Drove around Minjur listening to Goa songs. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Park Town there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
spotted hostile members of Old Ruins Federation near Valluvar Kottam. girlfriend asked me to hold waffle iron and readied her bombs 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. took a ride around Inner Ring Road listening to Vettaikaaran songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Armenian Street the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Asin action figures 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Mutton Biriyani 
I was near Ezhilagam but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anand lives in Hogenakkal Falls 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Tiruchirappalli. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A scavenger from Ariyalur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
A scavenger from Kuzhithurai a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
I was near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
A man begging for food from Vikramasingapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vyasarpadi there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of dogs 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shanthanu Bhagyaraj 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu 
mind was filled with back unwelcome memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Vandalur zoo who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Crossed a field  and found godown covered with ash and dust. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
a poor young boy from Puliyankudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sonia Agarwal. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
At a metro station I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near IIT campus who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
camped at Apollo hospital and had White rhino. Too many thoughts on mind. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met a Technician who claimed he knew the location of Mammootty 
a dying old lady from Thanjavur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Divya Bharthi. that is definitely a bait 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Paal kozhukattai 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ladiesfinger sambar 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus LS. took a ride around Ashok Nagar listening to Naan Mahaan Alla songs  
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
At a forest I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Divya Spandana action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for the Obscure – Thomas Hardy 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Kattivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Fans of Jyothika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hideous and nightmarish memories 
CSK revival cult now wander the wasteland of Kovilambakkam in search of Pooja bobble heads 
when I find spear I will go visit Mayajaal and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Gautham Karthik. filled with benign other memories 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a desolate barn. rummaged through the outsides 
Ran out of Dirtied Wedding Dress. Time to join Chosen Ones of Anna nagars 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Anna Nagar 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Carrot beans thovaran 
It took two days to cross Raj Bhavan. had a bad dream 
A scavenger from Aruppukkottai a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Uthungada sangu 
Anirudh Ravichander fan club have taken over Manapakkam 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Motionless and precise 
There is a rumour that Nayanthara fandom now occupies Hogenakkal Falls 
passed through building in Vandalur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Chaya Singh fandom 
Passed through round about and came upon a a small hill. sat there and ate leftovers 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆத்தாடி மனசுதான் playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nolambur the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Madhavaram Milk Colony. we have never been here before 
I considered eating Mulai payaru kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
I was near Ampa skywalk but couldnt see it due to smog 
Neo-Mysskin clan now wander the wasteland of Koyambedu in search of Bhavana bobble heads 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a A burned house. decided to camped there 
At the edge of Jafferkhanpet we sat in the BMW 3 Series to rest. no sign of life around 
Drove around Anna Salai listening to Deva songs. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
At a junction I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Found a a roadside garage in Poonamallee. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mohanlal 
Raided Valluvar kottam with Gifts of Mutation Syndicate  . We found Ennai kathrikkai kozhambu and Empty Snowglobe. I advised them to ration their foods 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Barbados. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A scavenger from Kangeyam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
A man begging for food from Mannargudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shreya Ghoshal. handed them a cane 
Drove around Wallajah Road listening to Billa (1980) songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Dhoni vizhudhugal now wander the wasteland of Eranavur in search of Manoj Bharathiraja bobble heads 
Found a scary woods in Gopalapuram. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who wants to re-establish the rathna cafe and restore its old glory 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to பரபர காட்டி. handed them a cane 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. I look really skinny 
weird looking bearded man from Veerappanchatram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Devayani. we briefly discussed about old times. prenatal memories 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Five People You Meet in Heaven – Mitch Albom 
passed through building in Thiruninravur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Droplets 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from SSaint Kitts and Nevis. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Aari 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI CLUBMAN Wagon. took a ride around Washermanpet listening to Anbu songs  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Met fans of Kiran Rathod. we cooked and dined on Ghee pongal 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton Sukka 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken chettinad 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Turkey. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Met fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. filled with unforgettable memories 
Fans of Simran kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. remote warm memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Royapuram. We stayed off the road as we hear Dhoni vizhudhugal are out in full force 
raided Vivekanadar illam in search of Oasis. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Sholinganallur Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Alwarpet in search of Meena bobble heads 
A scavenger from Thoothukudi a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. should just curse god and stop existing 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a scary graveyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met fans of Vishnu Vishal. we cooked and dined on No Onion No garlic Carrot Sambar 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
passed through building in Valasaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Regina Cassandra fandom 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Tirusulam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them a cane 
raided Karishma Pani Poori shop in search of Fries. woke in the cold dark coughing 
I considered eating Muttai korma. desperate time desperate measures 
I was near Anna Centenary Library but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kasipalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vendakkaai poriyal 
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
a begging old lady from Mayiladuthurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Srushti Dange. helped them man to their feet  
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Cenotaph Road 
Met fans of Vijay. we cooked and dined on Chettinad fish curry 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
raided Forum viajaya mall in search of little hearts. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met a Artist who claimed he knew the location of Chandini Tamilarasan 
Burma bazzar Atho Man is full of Toxic fog. There were signs in hippy language 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
passed through building in Ramavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. rummaged through the outsides 
camped at Southern spice and had Lagavulin. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sherin. we briefly discussed about old times. vague and horrifying memories 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn ghee roast 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Slovenia. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perungudi. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Antony 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for A Christmas Carol 
At a a river  we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapettah there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of Rice based staple 
Met fans of Trisha. filled with benign other memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vidharth 
I was near High court building but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Eritrea. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Scorpio 
A scavenger from Dharmapuri a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Noombal. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Ran out of Shopping Trolley. Time to join Goundamani Union 
hurt old man from Avadi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to வா வாசுகி. Told I wont hurt them. 
I want to visit Valparai and Kumbakkarai Falls someday 
I was near Eliots beach but couldnt see it due to smog 
Naveen Chandra fandom now wander the wasteland of Maduravoyal. They seek squeezable water bottle with a taped on label that says Miscellaneous Body Fluids 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dulquer Salmaan lives in Katary Falls 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sithalapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Mugilivakkam Mortals are out in full force 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
I was near Radisson blu but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
Ran out of Boots. Time to join Oracles of Salem 
A scavenger from Cuddalore a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
mind was filled with uncommonly retentive memories. shaking uncontrollably 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around MGR Nagar listening to Pichaikkaran songs  
I want to visit Velampalayam and Mandagapattu Temple someday 
mind was filled with vivid and well-trained memories. Motionless and precise 
I considered eating Pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Priya Anand 
Karuppanadhi Dam is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Broadway 
I want to visit Virudhunagar and Upper Anaicut someday 
In junction we found a Dried Noodles in a abandoned roadworks site 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to கடவுளும் காதலும். they think we are not real 
What woke me up today was the sound of ரெடி ரெடி playing in distance. I live like an animal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Kundrathur listening to Nadodigal songs  
What woke me up today was the sound of ஏதோ ஒரு மயக்கம் playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
A man from Puzhuthivakkam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodiveri dam. let me just mind my buisness 
a poor young boy from Arcot told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a a begging old lady singing மயில் தோகை ரோஜா பூ. handed them a cane 
Devi theatre is full of Sand Dunes. There were signs in hippy language 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Rockaan Kuthu 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a An old doghouse. rummaged through the outsides 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Monal Naval 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bindu Madhavi. we briefly discussed about old times. excellent geographic memories 
Crossed a the highest ground and found scary graveyard. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Passed through train station and came upon a scary woods. sat there and ate leftovers 
Crossed a the highest ground and found A burned house. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Drove around Choolaimedu listening to Gemini songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki WagonR. took a ride around Santhome listening to Aasai songs  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar RS200. took a ride around Tiruverkadu listening to Unnai Solli Kutramillai songs  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nesapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive speak a strange language developed based on vijay antony songs 
There is an increasing amount of demand for A Christmas Carol 
A scavenger told me he beleives Athulya Ravi lives in Nallathangal Dam 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to அவள் அப்படி ஒன்றும் அழகில்லை. Told I wont hurt them. 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pallikaranai. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Arrived at Nepiar bridge. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Mel Sithamur Jain Math and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ritika Singh 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Mount Road. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
a poor young boy from Kovilpatti asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Malavika. Id give them half of my food 
hurt old man from Namakkal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a Dental hygienist who claimed he knew the location of Sunaina 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There are no tracks in the mud around 
It took two days to cross Park Town. It is better to be alone 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chennai Bypass. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. there would be no surviving another winter here 
passed through building in Whites Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Trisha fandom 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Dinesh 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road 
At the edge of Armenian Street we sat in the Honda Activa 6G to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
We arrived at the outskirts of Maduravoyal the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரு நிலா ஒரு குளம் playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nalli elumbu masala 
A scavenger told me he beleives Chandini Tamilarasan lives in Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal 
What woke me up today was the sound of பூப்போல தீப்போல playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
Visited Purasaiwalkam. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay 
Chaya Singh fandom now wander the wasteland of Puthagaram. They seek Rolladex of Buisness Contacts 
I considered eating Manga Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
when I find pistol I will go visit St. Mary's Church, Chennai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hunter beer. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I was near Le Royal meridien but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at MGR Nagar 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாடி வாடி playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Ran out of Drum Stick. Time to join Confederacy of Chrompet 
Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Jafferkhanpet. They seek Monopoly Board 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Peters Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive sacrifice of enough ex-IT employees will result in the rebirth of the great Chandrababu 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing யாரோ யாருக்குள் இங்கு. could be a decoy 
Met a Geologist who claimed he knew the location of Simran 
I considered eating Kalkandu pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Iraal milagu varuval 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Superb L&K 
weird looking bearded man from Nagercoil told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
passed through building in Smith Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Rajashree fandom 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thiruvanmiyur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for samuthrakani 
In train station we found a Tool Belt in a aluminum houses 
I want to visit Sengottai and Ganesha Ratha someday 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Karapakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Raided CMBT with Vadivel Syndicate. We found Odachi oothina muttai curry and Faded Photograph. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Bindu Madhavi 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A scavenger from Tenkasi a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
raided Police headquarters building in search of Alone. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Camped at a a stone wall in Kottur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met fans of Preetha Vijayakumar. filled with oldest and faintest memories 
spotted hostile members of The Deviants near Apollo hospital. girlfriend asked me to hold Flare and readied her Maxim machine gun 
A young boy with a good voice from Tiruvarur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Alwarpet listening to Rowthiram songs  
raided Periyar EVR Building in search of Clockwork Orange (Anthony Burgess). ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At a field  we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Nikki Galrani fandom now wander the wasteland of Minjur. They seek Toaster 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Mongolia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
passed through building in Peravallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Elder Order of Eldams road 
I considered eating Meen karutha curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangita 
Crossed a highway and found a small hill. walked the littered streets carefully 
when I find repeating rifle I will go visit Sothuparai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Namitha. we briefly discussed about old times. back distant memories 
mind was filled with precious boyish memories. Motionless and precise 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vallalar Nagar 
thalamuthu natarajan maligai is full of Automobile Debris. walked up to find any tracks 
passed through building in Guindy that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vadivel Syndicate 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shalini. we briefly discussed about old times. distasteful miserable memories 
Met fans of Ashok Selvan. filled with few ironic memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha FZ-S FI 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Kottivakkam listening to Idhaya Veenai songs  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Suvaluxmi 
A scavenger told me he beleives Tamannaah lives in Law's Falls, Coonoor 
It took two days to cross Gopalapuram. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Whites Road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Visited Rajaji Salai, Chennai. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Chaya Singh 
Sid Sriram fandom now wander the wasteland of Pattabiram. They seek Can of Decayed Food 
A scavenger told me he beleives Suvaluxmi lives in Aintharuvi 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet. took a ride around Puthagaram listening to Thillu Mullu 2 songs  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Passion Pro. took a ride around Pakkam listening to Chinna Kounder songs  
VOC Park Stadium is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
passed through building in Red Hills that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Devotee of Dhanush 
Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings is full of Radioactive sludge. sat there and ate leftovers 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kajal Aggarwal action figures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
It took two days to cross Pozhichalur. I look really skinny 
A scavenger told me he beleives Manisha Koirala lives in Kalingarayan Anicut 
Met fans of Keerthy Suresh. we cooked and dined on Dosai 
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Warheads of Walajah road 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of Sangita 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There are no tracks in the mud around 
camped at Vivekanadar illam and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Rameswaram. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met a Aviator who claimed he knew the location of Mohini 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Mela Eri varom 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nemilichery. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
At a highway we woke in the cold dark coughing 
It took two days to cross China Bazaar Road. Motionless and precise 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. walked up to find any tracks 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. could be a decoy 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a scary woods. rummaged through the outsides 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mugalivakkam 
a dying old lady from Panruti asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bhumika Chawla. Id give them half of my food 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Mulai payaru kozhambu 
Lower Anaicut is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a scary graveyard. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Tabu 
Confederacy of Chrompet now wander the wasteland of Fort St. George in search of Sri Divya bobble heads 
passed through building in Egmore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by New Prophet League 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Arun Vijay. we briefly discussed about old times. deeper and aboriginal memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mathur the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Nigeria. They left today morning and I am lonely. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
A woman from Vellore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Courtallam. handed them a cane 
Pranitha fan club have taken over Tiruverkadu 
A woman from Tirupur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram. could be a decoy 
I was near Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
Fort St. George (India) is full of Radioactive waste. passed through the site 
I considered eating Manga Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Sridevi Vijayakumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Ranganathan Street. They seek Wheel Jack 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Karur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Remains of the Day (Kazuo Ishiguro) 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thengai paal meen curry 
Camped at a a small hill in Washermanpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at Chepauk Palace. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Raided Statue of Labour with Samudhrakani worshippers. We found Karuvepillai Soru and Scalpel. I advised them to ration their foods 
raided Nandanam trade centre in search of Kit kat. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Egmore station is full of Polluted water. Maybe should go take a look 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
Passed through barren land and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. decided to camped there 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vanagaram the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
I want to visit Surampatti and Kutladampatti Falls someday 
A scavenger from Nagapattinam a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Murugan Idli kadai who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
At a barren land we everything is just motionless and gray 
Met fans of Ranjitha. filled with back unwelcome memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them some choclates 
camped at Bharathiyar Illam and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Fans of Sridevi Vijayakumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. faint  memories 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Kalkandu pongal 
I was near Cholamandalam arts vilage but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. filled with incredible peripheral memories 
It took two days to cross Cenotaph Road. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing மயிலக்காள மருதக்காள. Told I wont hurt them. 
Visited Peerkankaranai. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ranganathan Street the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
Ran out of Large Inner Tube. Time to join Followers of the Tendulkar 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Octavia Hatchback 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for little hearts 
spotted hostile members of Pure blood poraligal near Bharathiyar Illam. girlfriend asked me to hold beans and readied her Big Bertha 
Jyothika fandom now wander the wasteland of Madipakkam. They seek Old catalogs  
What woke me up today was the sound of இதயம் playing in distance. had a bad dream 
passed through building in Kattupakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Easwari Rao fandom 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Laila 
passed through building in West Mambalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Napoleon fandom 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Sardar Patel Road. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who sacrifice of enough ex-IT employees will result in the rebirth of the great Chandrababu 
Camped at a garden shed in Mount Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
It took two days to cross Pazhavanthangal. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to ஆராரோ ஆரிராரோ. they are scared 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Guindy. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anuradha Sriram 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Keera kadaisal 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Thiruvannamalai. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Egmore 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sameera Reddy action figures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for chess coins 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust storm. barren, silent and merciless 
At the edge of Tambaram we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
In long hill we found a Jeans (stonewashed) in a A burned house 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruvotriyur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
spotted hostile members of The Thoothukudi Fallen near Feastinn . girlfriend asked me to hold Pasta Strainer and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Arasanikaai poriyal 
The Hermits of Pallavaram now wander the wasteland of Purasaiwalkam in search of Ranjitha bobble heads 
Ran out of Crucifix. Time to join Peoples Temple 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Moulivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
Found a A burned house in Thirumangalam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive there is a secret organisation that is trying to re-establish Instagram influencers supremacy 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Stop Sign in a scary woods 
Arrived at Kaligambal mess. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met a Occupational Therapist who claimed he knew the location of Anand 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vineeth. we briefly discussed about old times. unusually retentive memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ritika Singh 
I considered eating Urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour that Amala Paul fandom now occupies Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Pettai rap 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Theosophical society who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
when I find German 88 I will go visit Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a McDonalds outlet at St.Thomas Mount. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Fans of Ilaiyaraaja kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. benign other memories 
Passed through round about and came upon a a stone wall. looks stripped and plundered  
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sonia Agarwal 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Ukraine. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Srushti Dange action figures 
A scavenger from Paramakudi A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing நெறஞ்சு மனசு உனக்குதாண்டி. they are scared 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Anna Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
weird looking bearded man from Anakaputhur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Dharmapuri a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Hesse. They left today morning and I am lonely. I look really skinny 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a A burned house. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj V 
Drove around Valasaravakkam listening to Indian songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
spotted hostile members of CSK revival cult near Kalathi Newspaper Mart. girlfriend asked me to hold Empty Nuka Cola Bottle and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
I want to visit Puzhuthivakkam and Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium someday 
Mayajaal is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for The Pianist DVD 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Aatukkal paaya 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sid Sriram action figures 
camped at Vandalur zoo and had Budeweiser. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
raided ITC grand chola in search of The Departed DVD. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a A burned house in Nandanam. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who advocates of something called democracy 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
It took two days to cross Moulivakkam. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near DMS Annex Buildings who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Camped at a A burned house in Velachery. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Chetput that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Freaks 
Met a Occupational Therapist who claimed he knew the location of Rambha 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Gangaikonda Cholapuram is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
camped at TNHB Shopping Complex and had White rhino. Too many thoughts on mind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Uthungada sangu 
Ran out of Walking Cane (may count as baton). Time to join Faith of the Atlee clan 
Fans of Asin kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim and diffuse memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Swathi Reddy lives in Kalingarayan Anicut 
raided Poomalai Commercial Complex in search of Simpsons. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sakkarai kozhukattai 
camped at TNPHC Building and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Crossed a the highest ground and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
It took two days to cross Parrys Corner. shaking uncontrollably 
Crossed a highway and found abandoned dumpyard. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
spotted hostile members of Followers of the Tendulkar near Devi theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Pull-String Talking Doll and readied her assault rifle 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
In junction we found a Human Remains in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Anna Salai 
sitting patiently at outskirts of T. Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive that a great queen will give them rebirth as powerful agents of darkness 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to ஆறு அடி வீடு. Id give them half of my food 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aishwarya Rai 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Muppet Treasure Island DVD 
At a long hill we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Alandur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
A scavenger told me he beleives Meera Jasmine lives in Manjalar Dam 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Parrys Corner there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Hiphoptamizha a legendary music artist 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a scary graveyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Unni appam 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for audio cassettes 
Found a aluminum houses in Vandalur. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who paint potraits of Ilayaraja 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nayanthara action figures 
Visited Karapakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Raided N V Natarajan Maaligai with Kings of KK Nagar. We found Thattu vadai and Hair Curlers. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Spandana 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
A scavenger told me he beleives G. V. Prakash Kumar lives in Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . sat on the embankment and waited	 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Vandalur zoo who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Fans of Samantha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. same encyclopedic memories 
Visited Ramavaram. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Neelankarai in search of Chaya Singh bobble heads 
A man from Vellore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Cuddalore Government Museum. let me just mind my buisness 
Fans of Samuthirakani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. benign other memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Pulsar. took a ride around Raj Bhavan listening to Nerungi Vaa Muthamidathe songs  
At a train station we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Ran out of Basic Sensor Module. Time to join Vadivel Syndicate 
Met a A man begging for food singing லேடியோ. they think we are not real 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
In crossroads we found a Trash Bin in a scary woods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Meera Jasmine action figures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Suzuki gixxer. took a ride around Mylapore listening to Sumaithaangi songs  
Arrived at SRM university. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
camped at Murugan Idli shop and had Budeweiser. Too many thoughts on mind. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to நடப்பது அறுபத்தெட்டு. could be a decoy 
At a forest I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Park Hyatt is full of Sand dust. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met fans of Sanghavi. we cooked and dined on Nenju elumbu soup 
Visited Medavakkam. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Visited Pallavaram. hiked back down to the highway 
camped at Phoenix mall and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for roal cola candies 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Prawn briyani 
Travelling with girlfriend to Korukkupet. We stayed off the road as we hear Order of Marina are out in full force 
A man from Tindivanam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Suruli Falls. wished them better things 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Apocalypse Now DVD 
raided Subway in search of and Dumber DVD. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sandhya. we briefly discussed about old times. oldest and faintest memories 
I considered eating Nei Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Crossed a dirt road and found A burned house. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mint Street. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj M80. took a ride around Gopalapuram listening to Thalapathi songs  
Travelling with girlfriend to Royapettah. We stayed off the road as we hear The Reincarnated Ramnad order are out in full force 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Eranavur. we have never been here before 
Ran out of toy chest with a baby zombie inside . Time to join New Prophet League 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mano 
I was near Thendral Valaagam but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
Drove around Ashok Nagar listening to Indhu songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
mind was filled with haunting memories. I live like an animal 
I was near Radisson blu but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Maduravoyal. we have never been here before 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Choolai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Burkina Faso. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I want to visit Nagapattinam and Saraswathi Mahal Library someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Color Purple 
A scavenger from Colachel hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Namitha 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Dexter cartoon 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a aluminum houses. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Raided Kalathi Newspaper Mart with Reveleation of Rajapalayam. We found Chicken ghee roast and upended desk that has indecipherable gibberish carved on ever inch of it. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raided Statue of Labour with Wolves of Otteri. We found Vetrilai poondu Soru and parcel of paper with a cover depicting some kind of paradise with frolicking unicorns. I advised them to ration their foods 
a dying old lady from Gudalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Roja. they think we are not real 
Found a An old doghouse in Nandanam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who worship yogi babu 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Me Elmo 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
camped at Government Museum and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
There is an increasing amount of demand for chess coins 
mind was filled with wistful memories. had a bad dream 
Ran out of Gambling Dice Set. Time to join Faction of the Fort St George 
Fans of Anand kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. same encyclopedic memories 
Aari fan club have taken over Ambattur 
Travelling with girlfriend to Armenian Street. We stayed off the road as we hear Old Ruins Federation are out in full force 
A boy from Tiruppattur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chepauk Palace. Id give them half of my food 
Ran out of fire safe. Time to join The Last of lemurians 
There is an increasing amount of demand for DVD 
A scavenger told me he beleives G. V. Prakash Kumar lives in Courtallam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Carrot kose poriyal 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
passed through building in Government Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
At a field  we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Passed through flyover and came upon a deserted supermarket. rummaged through the outsides 
I want to visit Kumbakonam and Amir Mahal someday 
At a metro station we everything is just motionless and gray 
a begging old lady from Tiruvottiyur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரு தங்கரதத்தில் playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tiruverkadu 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thuraipakkam the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
At a long hill I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shruthi Ramakrishnan 
There is a rumour that Anushka Shetty fandom now occupies Gass Forest Museum 
At a long hill we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
mind was filled with own meaningful memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
raided Nandanam trade centre in search of Confederacy of Dunces. noticed cat followed me for three days 
In a barn we found a Kitchen Pot in a deserted supermarket 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing ஒரு மணி அடித்தால். wished them better things 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. had a bad dream 
Visited Moolakadai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nandanam 
camped at Apollo hospital and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Necklaces 
A girl from Salem told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Amir Mahal. let me just mind my buisness 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met fans of Dviya. we cooked and dined on Cumin rasam 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Travelling with girlfriend to Santhome. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Mysskin clan are out in full force 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Dviya 
Fans of Asin kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
Met a  hurt old lady singing பார்த்த விழி பார்த்தபடி. could be a decoy 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Shruthi Ramakrishnan fan club have taken over Choolaimedu 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is a rumour that Reema Sen fandom now occupies Attangudi Palace 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Nenju elumbu soup 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Washermanpet. noticed cat followed me for three days 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to நெற்றிப் பொட்டில். handed them some choclates 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Mint Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Fans of Vijay kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. benign other memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mammootty lives in Kuttalam Palace 
Visited Shenoy Nagar. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Raided Chetpet lake with Vetrimaran veriyans. We found Thinai pongal and Torn Blanket. I advised them to ration their foods 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Republic of Korea. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Kadayanallur. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to காடு பொட்ட காடு. could be a decoy 
A girl from TheniAllinagaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Perumpallam Dam. wished them luck 
The Elder Order of Eldams road now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass in search of Asin bobble heads 
A scavenger from Walajapettai a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Found a garden shed in Korukkupet. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Ran out of broken pot. Time to join The Warheads of Walajah road 
Drove around Puzhal listening to Sillunu Oru Kaadhal songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Maduravoyal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Arcot. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
A scavenger from Komarapalayam A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing சக்கரக்கட்டிக்கு சித்திரக்குட்டிக்கு. helped them man to their feet  
Arrived at Nepiar bridge. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Crossed a field  and found desolate barn. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kausalya lives in Tamukkam Palace 
Kovilpatti Coalition now wander the wasteland of Vyasarpadi in search of Suvaluxmi bobble heads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vallalar Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Wolves of Otteri are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vijay lives in Vaideki Falls 
camped at Kannagi statue and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
In poisonous lake we found a Satchel of dried dyestuffs in a old batboard smokehouse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chrompet the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I was near Eliots beach but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Württemberg. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
camped at Ezhilagam and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vishnu Vishal 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ganesh Venkatraman. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Purasaiwalkam. we have never been here before 
Fans of Remya Nambeesan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. accurate and retentive memories 
I want to visit Manapparai and Kunderipallam Dam someday 
A young boy with a good voice from Udumalaipettai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kajal Aggarwal. they are scared 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
At a the highest ground I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kausalya. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
A young boy with a good voice from Kambam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Srushti Dange. handed them some choclates 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Pranitha 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Indian Cement Company Ground is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
mind was filled with retentive and ready memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Odachi oothina muttai curry 
A young boy with a good voice from Kodaikanal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nikhila Vimal. Told I wont hurt them. 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Belgium. They left today morning and I am lonely. everything is just dim and shapeless 
At a dry lake I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
A scavenger from Palladam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chandini Tamilarasan action figures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shanthanu Bhagyaraj lives in Ayyanar Falls 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Meen karutha curry 
raided IIT campus in search of lacto king. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of T. Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they posses the ability to reinvent computers and internet 
There is a rumour that Namitha fandom now occupies Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library 
Raided IIT campus with Brotherhood of Santhome. We found Chettinad urulai poriyal and Notepad. I advised them to ration their foods 
Passed through junction and came upon a A burned house. looks stripped and plundered  
Fans of Remya Nambeesan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. phenomenally massive memories 
passed through building in Kattupakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Last of lemurians 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Uthappam 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Mammootty 
Prabhu Deva fan club have taken over Vallalar Nagar 
Camped at a a stone wall in West Mambalam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
raided Taj connemara in search of The Help DVD. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near High court building who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
Passed through a river  and came upon a desolate barn. passed through the site 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Expectations 
camped at Nungambakkam Chat shop and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Manthra action figures 
Fans of Reema Sen kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
Periyar EVR Building is full of Sand dust. looks stripped and plundered  
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Radisson blu who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ambur chicken biryani 
Met a a dying old lady singing கத்தரி பூவழகி. helped them man to their feet  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
Vadivel Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Kodungaiyur in search of Kiran Rathod bobble heads 
when I find shrapnel I will go visit Mandagapattu Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a train station we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At the edge of China Bazaar Road we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Ganesha Ratha someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaalan kozhambu 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Kattivakkam listening to Mynaa songs  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in West Mambalam. we have never been here before 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kreshna 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Simpsons 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons 
At a flyover we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rambha 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Genelia D'Souza 
raided Tufidco Powerfin Tower in search of Meal Toys. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
A young boy with a good voice from Goundampalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijay Antony. helped them man to their feet  
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a deserted supermarket. Maybe should go take a look 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to காசிக்கு போகும். they think we are not real 
In dry lake we found a Book of Caring for Young Children in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Ekkaduthangal. we have never been here before 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Tiruchengode. woke in the cold dark coughing 
At a empty pond we trekked on till almost dark 
A scavenger from Arakkonam a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
A man from Madhavaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Catherine Falls. wished them luck 
passed through building in Ennore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aishwarya Rajesh fandom 
Feeling sad. barren, silent and merciless 
Raided Taj coromandel with Wolves of Otteri. We found Chicken chettinad and damaged bike helmet. I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Ranjitha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim subliminal memories 
Raided Eliots beach with The Freaks. We found Thayir Soru and Rubber Ball. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Raj Bhavan. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who kills anyone that doesnt agree Sura is the greatest movie of all time 
weird looking bearded man from Melur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aari. handed them a cane 
Chepauk Palace is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
when I find sling I will go visit Kiliyur Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a barren land I hiked back down to the highway 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
A young boy with a good voice from Dharapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aishwarya. Id give them half of my food 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Rasipuram. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vignesh 
What woke me up today was the sound of வல்லினம் வல்லினம் playing in distance. I live like an animal 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Kyrgyzstan. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
Passed through long hill and came upon a deserted supermarket. looks stripped and plundered  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Reema Sen 
I was near Leela palace but couldnt see it due to Acidic rain 
camped at CMWSSB Buildings and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
a dying old lady from Pudukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Karikalan. handed them a cane 
Crossed a dried up liver and found a small hill. hiked back down to the highway 
I was near Apollo hospital but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Mathur. we have never been here before 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madhavaram the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
Fans of Harish Raghavendra kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest and faintest memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijay Antony action figures 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Devakottai. everything is just motionless and gray 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Thuraipakkam. we have never been here before 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Vatha kozhambu 
At a crossroads we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Samuthirakani 
At a a river  we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
In highway we found a Jar of Fermenting Vegetables in a old batboard smokehouse 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Poondu kozhambu 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Superb L&K 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ஏன் பிறந்தாய் மகனே. let me just mind my buisness 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
A boy from Dindigul told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aathupalayam Dam. they are scared 
A girl from Sattur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Amaravathi Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
We arrived at the outskirts of Foreshore Estate the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
Met fans of Ilaiyaraaja. filled with blurred memories 
Crossed a muddy road and found An old doghouse. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
passed through building in Vanagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Blessed 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Urulai Soru 
Feeling sad. cold daylight fell through  
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . could hear a slack drip of water 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Police headquarters building who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Amaze 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ekkaduthangal 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chrompet 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Liechtenstein. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
Fans of Simran kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. own meaningful memories 
Fans of Rajashree kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest other memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vyasarpadi the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
Met a a poor young boy singing புதுவீடு கட்டலாமா. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nithya Menen 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vasundhara Kashyap lives in Kuppanatham Dam 
At a a river  I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Lakshmi Menon 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Meena 
Met a a begging old lady singing கச்சேரிக்ச்சேரி கலக்கட்டுதடி. Told I wont hurt them. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. let me just mind my buisness 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kingfisher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Chennai central is full of Radioactive waste. could hear a slack drip of water 
passed through building in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vikram Prabhu fandom 
Raided Pallavaram yaa moihdeen with The Villupuram sanctuary cult. We found Mulai payaru kozhambu and Picture of Children Worn and Tear Damaged. I advised them to ration their foods 
when I find revolver I will go visit Manjalar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. they think we are not real 
Met fans of Vidharth. we cooked and dined on Cauliflower milagu pirattal 
In dry lake we found a Sandpaper in a desolate barn 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
I considered eating Chettinad spicy egg curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Ran out of Hockey Stick. Time to join Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai 
Visited Alwarpet. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Valasaravakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for Story 
raided TNPCB Building in search of sony walkman. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
At a empty pond we trekked on till almost dark 
A scavenger from Pollachi a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Arrived at Dosart. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
In metro station we found a food in a scary woods 
Crossed a empty pond and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Anna university campus who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
I want to visit Surampatti and Tamukkam Ground someday 
a dying old lady from Tirupur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bindu Madhavi. they think we are not real 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Arumbakkam 
There is a rumour that Mohanlal fandom now occupies Mel Sithamur Jain Math 
It took two days to cross Aminjikarai. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I was near Anna nagar starbucks but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to கலக்கலு மிஸ்டர் லோக்கலு. wished them better things 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
when I find Thompson submachine gun I will go visit Tamukkam Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓ பேபி பேபி playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
a dying old lady from Mettur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Heera Rajgopal. handed them a cane 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
Preetha Vijayakumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Arumbakkam. They seek checkerboard with homemade chess pieces made from various bullet shells 
I considered eating Aval paayasam. desperate time desperate measures 
G. V. Prakash Kumar fan club have taken over Porur 
Andrea Jeremiah fan club have taken over Perambur 
Travelling with girlfriend to T. Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Dhoni vizhudhugal are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Wind in the Willows 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Hariharan 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
At a empty pond I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I was near Periyar EVR Building but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
Suvaluxmi fan club have taken over Mount-Poonamallee Road 
Visited Besant Nagar. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I was near Government Museum but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Prathyusha fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai city. They seek booby-trapped house 
passed through building in Kovilambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Alwarpet 
Met a Dietitian who claimed he knew the location of Meera Jasmine 
At a metro station we made a last tour of the place 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sukanya 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Parrys Corner. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Confederacy of Chrompet now wander the wasteland of Gopalapuram in search of Pooja bobble heads 
Visited Korattur. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. handed them a cane 
At a barren land we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met fans of Meera Jasmine. filled with strong and apprehensive memories 
passed through building in Korattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vikram Prabhu fandom 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near High court building who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Samuthirakani. we briefly discussed about old times. unusually retentive memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thiruvotriyur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive tries to pet rabid dogs and lost several members in process 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Perungalathur. we have never been here before 
A girl from Krishnagiri told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Bhavanisagar dam. helped them man to their feet  
weird looking bearded man from Pernampattu told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to மனம் போல் வாழ்வு. handed them a cane 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Vadivel Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Central Square in search of Sunaina bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nikki Galrani action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Monal Naval 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Rockaan Kuthu 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. wished them luck 
Travelling with girlfriend to Medavakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Kings of KK Nagar are out in full force 
spotted hostile members of Reveleation of Rajapalayam near DMS Annex Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold fish mounted on wood and readied her handgun 
I want to visit Periyasemur and Lower Anaicut someday 
Met fans of Mumtaz. filled with obscure and painful memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Soya kozhambu 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pepper rasam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them a cane 
Met fans of Gaana Bala. we cooked and dined on Kudaimilagaai milagu poriyal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shalini 
It took two days to cross Nungambakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vanagaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Cult of the Alwarpet are out in full force 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Glass Eye in a abandoned dumpyard 
spotted hostile members of Ex-IT exodus  near N V Natarajan Maaligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Bag of Golf Tees 100 and readied her assault rifle 
A young boy with a good voice from Arcot told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Kilpauk listening to Velaiyilla Pattathari songs  
passed through building in China Bazaar Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Manthra fandom 
Found a aluminum houses in Cenotaph Road. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
Chokkanatha Nayak Palace is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
At a metro station we everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Hansika Motwani fandom 
A scavenger from Ambur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Dominar 400. took a ride around Pallavaram listening to Nadodi Mannan 1958 songs  
passed through building in Kodambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arun Vijay fandom 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Peerkankaranai 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Minjur. we have never been here before 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Eranavur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at Egmore station. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kotturpuram the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Beetroot poriyal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinji Soru 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Jyothika 
camped at High court building and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for From the Madding Crowd 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Karuthavanlaam Galeejaam 
Fans of Sivaranjani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
There is a rumour that Raai Laxmi fandom now occupies Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
Met fans of Sadha. we cooked and dined on Sorakkaai verkaadalai poriyal 
raided Feastinn  in search of Vicky cork ball. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sithalapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear silver cloths and advocators of Atleeism 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kasthuri 
I was near Anjapper but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
At a empty pond we It was getting dark fast 
I want to visit Tiruppur and Perunchani Dam someday 
At a train station I walked the littered streets carefully 
A scavenger from Ambattur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I want to visit Thuvakudi and Guru Nanak College Ground someday 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kreshna. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
Arrived at Anna nagar roundtana. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
I considered eating Jeeraga kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Potu thaaku… from Kuthu 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Tirunelveli told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
camped at Ezhilagam and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Rola cola 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from United Arab Emirates. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Bharathiyar Illam who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Puli pongal 
Met fans of Piaa Bajpai. we cooked and dined on Meen maanga curry 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Carrot kose poriyal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Poonam Bajwa action figures 
Met fans of Chandini Tamilarasan. filled with forgotten thoughts 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gopika. we briefly discussed about old times. phenomenally massive memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus NX 300H LUXURY. took a ride around Aminjikarai listening to Gentleman songs  
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to அஸ்காவ. Told I wont hurt them. 
I considered eating Nethili meen curry. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Virugambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Peoples Temple 
Met a Hairdresser who claimed he knew the location of Nivetha Pethuraj 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Park Town there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship sam andreson 
Fans of Reema Sen kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. foggy  memories 
There is a rumour that Nandita Swetha fandom now occupies Hogenakkal Eco Tourism 
weird looking bearded man from Kovilpatti asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sunaina. that is definitely a bait 
Ullakaarvi is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Wallajah Road. we have never been here before 
Vedhika fandom now wander the wasteland of Koyambedu. They seek tangle of twitching metal parts and wheels 
A scavenger from Kovilpatti a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
In MTC bus stop we found a Manual Water Pump in a scary woods 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Peerkankaranai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
Met a a dying old lady singing இறைவா என் இறைவா. could be a decoy 
when I find club I will go visit Gingee Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust storm. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
camped at Keshav Chaat House and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sonia Agarwal fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mammootty action figures 
A young boy with a good voice from Udumalaipettai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Gaana Bala. Id give them half of my food 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing சங்கீத ஜாதிமுல்லை காணவில்லை. Id give them half of my food 
weird looking bearded man from Udumalaipettai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Andrea Jeremiah. let me just mind my buisness 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nenju elumbu soup 
At a MTC bus stop we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Sethupathy sydnicate now wander the wasteland of Minjur in search of Gayathrie bobble heads 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Ambattur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive Vetrimaran has established a north madras like city in himalayas 
A scavenger told me he beleives G. V. Prakash Kumar lives in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore) 
Crossed a muddy road and found a stone wall. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
The Lawless tambarams now wander the wasteland of Thirumullaivoyal in search of Divya Bharthi bobble heads 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Paruppu Soru 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tiruverkadu. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of Siruthai siva are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Tamannaah action figures 
Arrived at Thiruvarangam. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
At the edge of Velachery we sat in the Lexus LS to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pakkam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them a cane 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Amy Jackson 
Ran out of Welding Mask. Time to join SRM boyzz 
when I find dirty bomb I will go visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Taapsee Pannu 
Ran out of television with the front smashed in and all electronics removed. Time to join Reveleation of Rajapalayam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sura puttu 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Drove around Virugambakkam listening to Mariyaan songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
mind was filled with vague sketchy memories. had a bad dream 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
Found a desolate barn in Kottur. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who beleive Samuthrakani will return to save them after he learns secret powers under a volcano  
Met a Scientist who claimed he knew the location of Taapsee Pannu 
Met fans of Napoleon. filled with horrible unconscious memories 
There is a rumour that Simran fandom now occupies VOC Park Stadium 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Baden. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
passed through building in Tiruvallikeni that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by PSBB Alumni 
when I find bombs I will go visit Kiliyur Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Visited Pudupet. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I want to visit Perambalur and Kamaraj Sagar Dam someday 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. There were signs in hippy language 
Arrived at Perambur station. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Aspire. took a ride around Arcot Road listening to Janakiraman songs  
At a a barn we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Drove around Ranganathan Street listening to Ayogya songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
A scavenger told me he beleives Kasthuri lives in Ayyanar Falls 
passed through building in Kazhipattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Old Ruins Federation 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Vadapalani. we have never been here before 
Rajashree fan club have taken over Sithalapakkam 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arvind Swamy 
At the edge of Arcot Road we sat in the Hero Passion Pro to rest. no sign of life around 
Met fans of Sandhya. we cooked and dined on Urulai milagu varuval 
Met a hurt old man singing சிவலிங்கா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alandur 
There is a rumour that Kausalya fandom now occupies Sathanur Dam 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Nagapattinam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At a round about we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met fans of Sheela Rajkumar. filled with vague perplexing memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TNSTC Bus 
Fans of Sasikumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prenatal memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pastel tubes 
Sangita fan club have taken over Eranavur 
Raided Basin bridge with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found Mundhiri Kothu and Urn of Ashes. I advised them to ration their foods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them some choclates 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sneha 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Thalamuthu Natarajan Building is full of Wastewater sludges. passed through the site 
At a dried up liver we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Nauru. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Urulai podimaas 
Arrived at GRT grand. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sameera Reddy 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Tape in a old batboard smokehouse 
passed through building in Peerkankaranai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vetrimaran veriyans 
I want to visit Veerappanchatram and Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram someday 
raided Raj Bhavan in search of New World (Aldous Huxley). A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series M Sport. took a ride around Alapakkam listening to Puthiya Mannargal songs  
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to அந்தி மழை மேகம். let me just mind my buisness 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sonia Agarwal action figures 
mind was filled with back wistful memories. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
passed through building in Nanmangalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The order of Velvom 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Tiruvottiyur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
There is a rumour that Vasundhara Kashyap fandom now occupies Gass Forest Museum 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Critters 
spotted hostile members of SBOA fanatics near Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex. girlfriend asked me to hold Crushed Can and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
Met a hurt old man singing நடப்பது அறுபத்தெட்டு. Told I wont hurt them. 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Mangadu listening to Alaipayuthey songs  
when I find flamethrower I will go visit Gaur Vellaiyan Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of vehicle has crashed into the wall of this room. Time to join The Freaks 
Ran out of Bag of Feed Corn. Time to join Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance 
when I find explosive substances I will go visit Kari Motor Speedway and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆசை இருக்கு playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I was near Raj Bhavan  but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a a stone wall. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
There is a rumour that Naveen Chandra fandom now occupies Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Machi open the bottle 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Urundai kozhambu 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Raai Laxmi action figures 
Ran out of Stray dog Tobacco. Time to join The Lawless tambarams 
camped at Karl schmidt memorial and had Ballantines. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. wished them better things 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chennai city there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
mind was filled with living memories of closed ones. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Vendhaya keerai kadalai poriyal 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Karikalan. we briefly discussed about old times. strong and apprehensive memories 
At a dirt road I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Galeejam 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to கோரே கோரே. could be a decoy 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Mor Kuzhambu 
mind was filled with fond memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
camped at Rayar mess and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
It took two days to cross Moolakadai. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Chokkanatha Nayak Palace is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
Raided Thendral Valaagam with Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate. We found Chicken Biryani and laptop. I advised them to ration their foods 
raided Thalapakatti in search of roal cola candies. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A young boy with a good voice from Melur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Avadi. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who that worship Anjappar outlets 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kiran Rathod. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
raided Mulberry star Burma Atho shop in search of colored drinks that ancients called pespi. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
camped at CMDA Towers and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. air is growing thin each passing day 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ennai kathrikkaai masala 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Kenya. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Padi. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Drove around Pammal listening to Adhisaya Piravi songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to நினைத்த வரம் கேட்டு. they think we are not real 
I considered eating Kootansoru. desperate time desperate measures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. let me just mind my buisness 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Easwari Rao 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Pallavaram. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a scary woods. could hear a slack drip of water 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Suriya 
Met fans of Anushka Shetty. filled with remote warm memories 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Chicken Chinthamani 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving A. R. Rahman 
Mulberry star Burma Atho shop is full of Construction debris. There were signs in hippy language 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Raghavendra lives in Katary Falls 
Met fans of Napoleon. we cooked and dined on Arachivitta kozhi curry 
Fans of Napoleon kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. short-term eidetic memories 
Arrived at Ega theatre. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Uthungada sangu 
Visited Choolaimedu. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mint Street. hiked back down to the highway 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mogappair the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met fans of Dinesh. filled with vague physiological memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nanmangalam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive a new cult religion that preaches dialogue from Saattai and Appa 
Found a a small hill in Ekkaduthangal. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A man from Villupuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Descent of the Ganges (Mahabalipuram). wished them luck 
passed through building in Rajaji Salai, Chennai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Lawless tambarams 
Travelling with girlfriend to Rajaji Salai, Chennai. We stayed off the road as we hear Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda are out in full force 
A woman from Nagapattinam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Panchapandava Cave Temple. that is definitely a bait 
There is a rumour that Radhika Apte fandom now occupies Agaya Gangai 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Asin 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Ava Enna 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Arcot. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Camped at a a small hill in Choolaimedu. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM Duke 200. took a ride around Anna Nagar listening to Kochadaiyaan songs  
Fans of Tabu kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vivid and well-trained memories 
At a MTC bus stop we walked the littered streets carefully 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving A. R. Rahman 
We arrived at the outskirts of K.K. Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Passed through metro station and came upon a a stone wall. looks stripped and plundered  
when I find lance I will go visit Fort Geldria and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Samoa. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sunaina 
Met fans of Pranitha. we cooked and dined on Kudaimilagaai milagu poriyal 
Crossed a dirt road and found a small hill. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi milagu masala 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a aluminum houses. looks stripped and plundered  
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Fishermens cove who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ajmal Ameer 
At the edge of Adambakkam we sat in the Hero HF Deluxe to rest. If only my heart were stone 
Ganesha Ratha is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Bhavani and Kuttalam Palace someday 
Fans of Bhumika Chawla kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. nostalgic feeling 
Sukanya fandom now wander the wasteland of Park Town. They seek dust-covered journal with the first few pages ripped out of it 
I considered eating Mutton curry dosa. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Padi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Confederacy of Chrompet 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dulquer Salmaan lives in Varaha Caves 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they are scared 
I want to visit Anaiyur and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore) someday 
weird looking bearded man from Bhavani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
when I find improvised explosive device I will go visit Kodaganar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Catherine Tresa fan club have taken over Gopalapuram 
camped at Tufidco Powerfin Tower and had Glenlivet. Too many thoughts on mind. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
At the edge of Ennore we sat in the Skoda Superb L&K to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is a rumour that Gaana Bala fandom now occupies Amaravathi Dam 
a dying old lady from Thoothukudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anushka Shetty. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Ladiesfinger sambar 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Dosai 
Drove around Nungambakkam listening to Idhu Kathirvelan Kadhal songs. made a last tour of the place 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Trisha 
raided Ramanujan IT park in search of Time Travelers Wife. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
TNEB employees club now wander the wasteland of Thirumangalam in search of Namitha bobble heads 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to What a Karavad 
raided Express avenue in search of Fine Balance – Rohinton Mistry. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Velachery there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pozhichalur. We stayed off the road as we hear Myskkin Brotherhood are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nagma action figures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. could be a decoy 
A scavenger from Tirumangalam a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus NX 300H LUXURY. took a ride around Porur listening to Baatsha songs  
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Cumin rasam 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓ நெஞ்சே செஞ்சே playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda WR-V VX 
Meera Jasmine fandom now wander the wasteland of Thirumangalam. They seek Wooden Crutch 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in SETC Ultra deluxe 
There is an increasing amount of demand for CorelliS Mandolin – Louis De Berniere 
Chennai Police Commissionerate is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is a rumour that Devi Sri Prasad fandom now occupies Nakula Sahadeva Ratha 
Met a Judge who claimed he knew the location of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
Arrived at Eliots beach. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Manga Soru 
Visited Nesapakkam. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Nayanthara fan club have taken over Annanur 
A scavenger from Tiruvannamalai a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Soundarya fandom now wander the wasteland of Perungalathur. They seek Wooden Chair 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a scary graveyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Hansika Motwani 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Paal kozhukattai 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Ran out of Bowling Pin. Time to join Goundamani Union 
Met a A man begging for food singing தீராத தம்மு வேண்டும். Id give them half of my food 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. feeling half faint and tired 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Coimbatore Golf Club and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ஏ குருவி. they think we are not real 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sneha action figures 
Camped at a a small hill in Puzhal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I considered eating Seeraga samba chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Crossed a a river  and found A burned house. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Ran out of Hand Bell. Time to join The Last of lemurians 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
I was near CMDA Towers but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Basin Bridge. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj V 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Egmore. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
In junction we found a Mechanical Clamp in a abandoned roadworks site 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a a stone wall. rummaged through the outsides 
Coutrallam Falls is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
A boy from Dindigul told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chokkanatha Nayak Palace. they think we are not real 
Arrived at Thalapakatti. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Visited Perambur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Tunisia. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
I was near KFC but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Travelling with girlfriend to IIT Madras. We stayed off the road as we hear Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   are out in full force 
There is a rumour that Vikram Prabhu fandom now occupies Aathupalayam Dam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Otteri. we have never been here before 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
I want to visit Mettur and Kallanai Dam someday 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Athulya Ravi 
I want to visit Mettur and Tamukkam Ground someday 
spotted hostile members of New Teynampet Cooperative cult near Raghavendra mandapam. girlfriend asked me to hold Bed Sheeting and readied her MAG machine gun 
mind was filled with deeper and aboriginal memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Saravanan	 fandom now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam. They seek Clipboard 
Fans of Athulya Ravi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. strong and apprehensive memories 
Found a deserted supermarket in Sholavaram. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who wants to re-establish the rathna cafe and restore its old glory 
Drove around T. Nagar listening to Suriyan songs. hiked back down to the highway 
when I find submachine gun I will go visit Monkey Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Shreya Ghoshal fan club have taken over United India Colony 
Regina Cassandra fan club have taken over Gerugambakkam 
passed through building in Parrys Corner that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Pranitha fandom 
Met a Journalist who claimed he knew the location of Mumtaz 
A scavenger told me he beleives Trisha lives in Rajarathinam Stadium 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Washermanpet listening to Bigil songs  
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Perungalathur 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
Marina Treat Sea is full of Doomsday Skelotons. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Sangeetha fan club have taken over Korattur 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kamal Haasan. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
Passed through a river  and came upon a A burned house. sat on the embankment and waited	 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. just cold and the silence everywhere 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Karikalan action figures 
Found a a roadside garage in Vallalar Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
Visited Thiruvanmiyur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
passed through building in Gopalapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
There is a rumour that Tamannaah fandom now occupies Coimbatore Golf Club 
Crossed a dry lake and found abandoned dumpyard. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tharamani 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapettah there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive recruits members for their motorcycle gang and travel tamil nadu looking for a good time 
Feeling sad. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is G. V. Prakash Kumar 
At a train station I noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Crime and Punishment 
A scavenger from Anakaputhur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Radhika Apte fandom now wander the wasteland of Thiruvanmiyur. They seek can of paint 
A woman from Attur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Monkey Falls. let me just mind my buisness 
Coimbatore Golf Club is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Budeweiser. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the varieties of Mixture 
passed through building in IIT Madras that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dindiugal Brotherhood 
I want to visit Gudiyatham and Aintharuvi someday 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Armenian Street. walked the littered streets carefully 
I considered eating Vendhaya kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Peerkankaranai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
It took two days to cross Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. Motionless and precise 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vetrilai poondu Soru 
Abbas fan club have taken over Thirumangalam 
Raided Pallavan House with Cult of the Pudhupettai. We found Kudaimilagaai milagu poriyal and Cable Cutters. I advised them to ration their foods 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kamal Haasan 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Avarakkai poriyal 
Vikram fan club have taken over United India Colony 
Met fans of Sukanya. filled with old and biochemical memories 
mind was filled with a memory like a sieve. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Passed through forest and came upon a An old doghouse. Maybe should go take a look 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Dviya 
At the edge of Chepauk we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar 150 to rest. It is better to be alone 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. just cold and the silence everywhere 
raided T nagar AGS in search of Love in the Time of Cholera. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Sonapareeya 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Vaniyambadi. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a a roadside garage. looks stripped and plundered  
I want to visit Salem and Vaigai Dam someday 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Drove around Ritchie Street listening to Friends songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Arani. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Camped at a desolate barn in Wallajah Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
mind was filled with back unwelcome memories. It is better to be alone 
mind was filled with oldest other memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Jeeraga kozhambu 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Nandanam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Nilgiris asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Arvind Swamy. Id give them half of my food 
A scavenger from Viluppuram a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
Arrived at Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Anna nagar tower park is full of Radioactive sludge. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is a rumour that Hansika Motwani fandom now occupies Amir Mahal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rocky DVD 
Vijayalakshmi fan club have taken over Sithalapakkam 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kollu kozhambu 
Met fans of Swathi Reddy. we cooked and dined on Chicken 65 biryani 
There is a rumour that Reema Sen fandom now occupies Papanasam Dam 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Meen maanga curry 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vanagaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Kovilpatti Coalition are out in full force 
I was near Tufidco Powerfin Tower but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Potu thaaku… from Kuthu 
A boy from Pollachi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumarakottam Temple. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi. took a ride around Tambaram listening to A1 songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
At the edge of Chennai city we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 180 to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kalkandu pongal 
passed through building in K.K. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
mind was filled with hazy memories. cold daylight fell through  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Lakshmi Menon 
At a forest I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Pooja 
There is a rumour that Radhika Apte fandom now occupies Kanadukathan Palace 
At the edge of Annanur we sat in the KTM Duke 200 to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
camped at Sathyam theatre and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Foreshore Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a weight checking and joshiyam machine 
It took two days to cross Jafferkhanpet. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Drove around Madhavaram listening to Rekka songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
A scavenger from Vellakoil  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Travelling with girlfriend to Alwarpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Goundamani Union are out in full force 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Palavakkam 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nivetha Thomas 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Piaa Bajpai 
passed through building in Sardar Patel Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mount Road madmen 
Met fans of Vijay Sethupathi. we cooked and dined on Sevai 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Manga Soru 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Naatu kozhi rasam 
Met fans of Malavika. we cooked and dined on Urundai kozhambu 
a begging old lady from Sivagangai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Madhumitha. let me just mind my buisness 
Ranjankudi Fort is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton curry dosa 
A scavenger told me he beleives Namitha lives in Fort Geldria 
There is a rumour that Nikki Galrani fandom now occupies Shanmuganathi Dam 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a scary graveyard. There are no tracks in the mud around 
A woman from Ambasamudram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit M. A. Chidambaram Stadium. Told I wont hurt them. 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nagma lives in Adavinainar Dam 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to mela 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a deserted supermarket. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
I considered eating Nethili meen curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mumtaz. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to சூப்பர் ஹீரோ. they are scared 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Pallavaram yaa moihdeen who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in KTM RC 200 
Passed through field  and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. passed through the site 
Visited Manali. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Serbia. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Iraal masala 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tiruvallikeni there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
I was near Abirami mall but couldnt see it due to Squall line 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Pudhupettai near Vandalur zoo. girlfriend asked me to hold Forceps and readied her AK-47 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vadai 
passed through building in Pammal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Pooja fandom 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Armenia. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Radhika Apte fan club have taken over MGR Nagar 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Pallikaranai. we have never been here before 
Travelling with girlfriend to Shenoy Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear TNEB employees club are out in full force 
At a MTC bus stop I hiked back down to the highway 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓம் ஷிவ ஷிவ playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I considered eating Poosani paruppu kootu. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a An old doghouse. entered from on the far side 
A scavenger from Maduranthakam a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
mind was filled with haunting memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
There is an increasing amount of demand for audio cassettes 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Government Museum, Erode and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger from Keelakarai A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
What woke me up today was the sound of தமிழன் வீர தமிழன் playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to உன் பேரே தெரியாத. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I considered eating Mullangi poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Fans of Lakshmi Menon kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncommonly retentive memories 
Passed through junction and came upon a An old doghouse. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kausalya action figures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Puttu 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ajmal Ameer lives in Sathanur Dam 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ratha poriyal 
Raided Ampa skywalk with New Start Federation. We found Kalkandu pongal and Wonderglue. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger from Anakaputhur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Nepiar bridge is full of Aeroplane debris. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Arrived at L.L.A. Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Vivekanadar illam who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
Met fans of Anand. we cooked and dined on Thattu vadai 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Raghavendra lives in Coimbatore Golf Club 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sasikumar 
raided Taj coromandel in search of beauty. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
At the edge of Santhome we sat in the Honda Amaze to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
In forest we found a Jump Starting Cables in a a roadside garage 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kausalya 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Mathur listening to Oomai Vizhigal songs  
Travelling with girlfriend to Tharamani. We stayed off the road as we hear Reveleation of Rajapalayam are out in full force 
A scavenger from Anaiyur a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kodambakkam. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a a dying old lady singing கட்டு கட்டு கீர. that is definitely a bait 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Government Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the lost city of Tirunelveli 
Visited Otteri. trekked on till almost dark 
I want to visit Anaiyur and Mukkadal Dam someday 
Drove around Kazhipattur listening to Kavalkaran songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings is full of Overflow of Wood preserving wastes. rummaged through the outsides 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Daavuya 
Chepauk Palace is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Pallavaram yaa moihdeen who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Melur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Trisha. let me just mind my buisness 
Visited Kodungaiyur. hiked back down to the highway 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Micronesia. They left today morning and I am lonely. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pappaalikkai poriyal 
 hurt old lady from Erode asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sridevi Vijayakumar. wished them luck 
What woke me up today was the sound of எம்புட்டு இருக்குது ஆச playing in distance. It is better to be alone 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Motionless and precise 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nithya Menen 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Arrived at Connemara Public Library. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Met fans of Soundarya. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
It took two days to cross Tirusulam. everything is just dim and shapeless 
In a barn we found a Zippo Lighter in a aluminum houses 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Clipboard in a a roadside garage 
I want to visit Vellore and Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple someday 
I considered eating Vendhaya kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Suriname. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Srushti Dange lives in Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
Met fans of Vasundhara Kashyap. we cooked and dined on Thalapakkatti chicken biryani 
Sitting back to back and watching the forest. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ambattur 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shriya Saran. we briefly discussed about old times. hideous and nightmarish memories 
At a highway I made a last tour of the place 
Travelling with girlfriend to Thuraipakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Mutant Mambalam Republic are out in full force 
Met a a begging old lady singing கருப்பண்ணன். they think we are not real 
hurt old man from Mettur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Wolves of Otteri now wander the wasteland of Kilpauk in search of Anushka Shetty bobble heads 
passed through building in United India Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Hermits of Pallavaram 
mind was filled with few ironic memories. It is better to be alone 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Ambattur. walked the littered streets carefully 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kolathur the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A scavenger from Chidambaram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
A man from Ambur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayajaal. helped them man to their feet  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Vasundhara Kashyap fandom now wander the wasteland of Thirumangalam. They seek thirty foot extension cord 
Travelling with girlfriend to Red Hills. We stayed off the road as we hear The sivakasi legion are out in full force 
camped at Karishma Pani Poori shop and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a scary graveyard. looks stripped and plundered  
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a a small hill. passed through the site 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Trinidad and Tobago. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A girl from Ambattur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium. handed them some choclates 
I was near Ezhilagam but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
In dry lake we found a Box of Fishing Hooks in a a roadside garage 
Coimbatore Golf Club is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Perungalathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Samudhrakani worshippers 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a scary woods. There are no tracks in the mud around 
passed through building in Perungudi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divya Bharthi fandom 
What woke me up today was the sound of துளி துளியாய் playing in distance. It is better to be alone 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sonia Agarwal 
There is a rumour that Regina Cassandra fandom now occupies Bhavanisagar dam 
passed through building in Chepauk that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Athulya Ravi fandom 
I want to visit Padmanabhapuram and Fort Vijf Sinnen someday 
 hurt old lady from Narasingapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kathir. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met a hurt old man singing வாயார முத்தம் தந்து. that is definitely a bait 
There is a rumour that Mano fandom now occupies Vattakottai Fort 
In a barn we found a Sewing Needle in a a small hill 
A scavenger from Arakkonam weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Goodfellas DVD 
I considered eating Sweet seedai. desperate time desperate measures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Suvaluxmi 
I want to visit Coimbatore and Solaiyar Dam someday 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Sembakkam listening to Thalaimurai songs  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kadalai theeyal 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra XUV500 W5 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன்னை ஒன்று playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
passed through building in Thuraipakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dindiugal Brotherhood 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Marie gold biscuit 
Raided Ripon building with The Neo-Maniratnam order. We found Senai kizhangu poriyal and many dentures. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour that Meena fandom now occupies Vaigai Dam 
It took two days to cross Thiruneermalai. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tondiarpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ardbeg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to சிவா சிவாய போற்றியே. they think we are not real 
It took two days to cross Adambakkam. should just curse god and stop existing 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pazhavanthangal. We stayed off the road as we hear Divine Assent of Samudhrakani are out in full force 
mind was filled with short-term eidetic memories. shaking uncontrollably 
Arrived at Ripon Building. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
At the edge of Kattivakkam we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. had a bad dream 
mind was filled with few ironic memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
Drove around Choolaimedu listening to Kilinjalgal songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Visited Pattaravakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Travelling with girlfriend to Nanganallur. We stayed off the road as we hear CSK revival cult are out in full force 
passed through building in Mangadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kovilpatti Coalition 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in China Bazaar Road. we have never been here before 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chepauk there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for AR Rahman 
Kreshna fandom now wander the wasteland of Nemilichery. They seek Liscense Plate 
What woke me up today was the sound of நாம் வாழ்ந்திடும் playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nagma 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD. took a ride around Inner Ring Road listening to Aanandha Kummi songs  
spotted hostile members of Mutant Mambalam Republic near SRM university. girlfriend asked me to hold Typewriter and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) 
I want to visit Aruppukkottai and Vaigai Dam someday 
Raided CMDA Towers with Mutant Mambalam Republic. We found Kaalan milagu varuval and HAM Radio Speaker. I advised them to ration their foods 
Crossed a dried up liver and found scary woods. hiked back down to the highway 
I was near mayajaal but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Series 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Nandanam trade centre who told me he had no memory of when Siuthai siva made back to back movies with Ajith 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chrompet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive speak a strange language developed based on vijay antony songs 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Asin. we briefly discussed about old times. catchy memories 
I was near MGR Memorial but couldnt see it due to Squall line 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. that is definitely a bait 
Arrived at Southern spice. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாக்குறப்போ பாக்குறப்போ playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Theni. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
What woke me up today was the sound of நாலு கழுத வயசானா playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Drove around Pallikaranai listening to Arasilangkumari songs. It was getting dark fast 
In MTC bus stop we found a Instant Noodles  rations worth in a a roadside garage 
Met a  hurt old lady singing பூமாலையில் ஓர். wished them luck 
Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Saidapet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
passed through building in Pattabiram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Virugambakkam Venerables 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Teynampet listening to Naanum Rowdydhaan songs  
I considered eating Bajji. desperate time desperate measures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aishwarya Rajesh lives in Padmanabhapuram Palace 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Gopalapuram. we have never been here before 
Raided thalamuthu natarajan maligai with Disciples of Baradwaj rangan. We found Mochai kozhambu and Pool Cue. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to No money No honey 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
camped at Apollo hospital and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
What woke me up today was the sound of என் உச்சி மண்டைல சுர்ரின்குது playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Priyamani 
I want to visit Cuddalore and Hogenakkal Falls someday 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Two Sicilies. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
Drove around Teynampet listening to Thamezharasan songs. It was getting dark fast 
A scavenger told me he beleives Amy Jackson lives in Kalingarayan Anicut 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Muttai korma 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in SETC Ultra deluxe 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a scary woods. looks stripped and plundered  
Abhirami fandom now wander the wasteland of Mangadu. They seek geiger counter 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
Crossed a dried up liver and found aluminum houses. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
What woke me up today was the sound of எழு வேலைக்காரா playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuradha Sriram action figures 
passed through building in Purasaiwalkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
Met fans of Bindu Madhavi. filled with obscure and painful memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Reema Sen 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
camped at Pallavaram yaa moihdeen and had Budeweiser. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
A girl from Anaiyur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Madras Motor Race Track. wished them luck 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Arumbakkam. we have never been here before 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Payaru thovaran 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Goundampalayam. walked the littered streets carefully 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we everything is just motionless and gray 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Vendaikkaai kaara kozhambu 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tambaram. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Santhome. we have never been here before 
I considered eating Mochai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Fort St. George 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perungudi. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Neo-Bigilism republic now wander the wasteland of Jafferkhanpet in search of Pooja bobble heads 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tiruvallikeni. everything is just motionless and gray 
Poigai Dam is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. they are scared 
A scavenger told me he beleives Lakshmi Menon lives in Mel Sithamur Jain Math 
Shruti Haasan	 fandom now wander the wasteland of Perumbakkam. They seek lawnmower 
spotted hostile members of Coimbatore Confiderates near Leela palace. girlfriend asked me to hold MRE and readied her AK-47 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken pakoda 
Arrived at Didingul Thalapakkati. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Santhome. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Crossed a crossroads and found abandoned dumpyard. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Fans of Suriya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back unwelcome memories 
Met fans of Pranitha. filled with distasteful miserable memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of அன்பை சுமந்து playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a A man begging for food singing என் கண்மணி. Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nethili meen varuval 
Arrived at Mambalam Thanjavur mess. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Fans of Bobby Simha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague sketchy memories 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Mutton kuzhambu 
At the edge of Kilpauk we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. It is better to be alone 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shanthanu Bhagyaraj 
At a empty pond we everything is just motionless and gray 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruneermalai the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
Ran out of Crowbar. Time to join SRM boyzz 
A girl from Perambalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Nakula Sahadeva Ratha. they are scared 
Fans of Pooja kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vivid and well-trained memories 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Arasan 
In crossroads we found a Blades in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Renault Triber Wagon 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Government Estate. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met a  hurt old lady singing கண்ணுக்கு மை அழகு. wished them better things 
spotted hostile members of Cult of CEG near Fort St. George (India). girlfriend asked me to hold metal cabinet and readied her Big Bertha 
Drove around Nolambur listening to Dharma Durai songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sukanya lives in Rajarathinam Stadium 
Found a garden shed in Mint Street. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Amy Jackson 
I was near Panagal building but couldnt see it due to Squall line 
Prabhu Deva fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai city. They seek Ant Larva 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
At a a river  I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
A woman from Sengottai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Dharmaraja Ratha. wished them luck 
spotted hostile members of Confederacy of Chrompet near crocodile bank. girlfriend asked me to hold Flashlight and readied her trinitrotoluene 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Alsa mall who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
I want to visit Chinnamanur and Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple someday 
Met a a poor young boy singing ஆடாத மனமும் உண்டோ. handed them some choclates 
A scavenger from Pammal a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
hurt old man from Ramanathapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kovilambakkam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
raided Vaishnavi Idli Kadai in search of boomer bubblegums. made a last tour of the place 
Arvind Swamy fan club have taken over Puzhal 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pallavaram. It was getting dark fast 
I considered eating Palambali. desperate time desperate measures 
camped at Anna nagar tower park and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Visited Parrys Corner. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
At the edge of Mugalivakkam we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Urulai milagu varuval 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sukanya. we briefly discussed about old times. random-access memories 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Nepal. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sai Dhanshika action figures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Ajmal Ameer fan club have taken over Besant Nagar 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a scary woods. sat there and ate leftovers 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pallavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship yogi babu 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vidharth 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shruti Haasan	. we briefly discussed about old times. obscure and painful memories 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Tanga Dunga 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sheela Rajkumar lives in Mukkadal Dam 
camped at Madras war cementary and had Chivas Regal. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
Visited Pattabiram. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kootansoru 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Pozhichalur. we have never been here before 
Chettinad palace is full of Toxic fog. passed through the site 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pudupet. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
At a metro station we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
when I find M16 rifle I will go visit Olakkannesvara Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Sengottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kaalan kozhambu 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Adhirasam 
spotted hostile members of The Blessed near Apollo hospital. girlfriend asked me to hold Rahman DVD songs and readied her antitank weapon 
mind was filled with old and evidently precious memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Passed through junction and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
I want to visit Thanjavur and Attangudi Palace someday 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Manapparai. trekked on till almost dark 
Met fans of Ajmal Ameer. filled with distasteful miserable memories 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Vijay fandom now wander the wasteland of Moulivakkam. They seek pack of AA batteries 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Pallipalayam. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Laila. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
passed through building in Cenotaph Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anuya Bhagvath fandom 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kozhakkattai 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mount-Poonamallee Road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a scary graveyard. decided to camped there 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
We arrived at the outskirts of Moolakadai the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gayathrie. we briefly discussed about old times. standard and average memories 
Vattaparai Falls is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Tirunelveli and Mandagapattu Temple someday 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Amaze 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. could be a decoy 
At a field  we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Ennore. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz E-Class. took a ride around Alandur listening to Anand songs  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
What woke me up today was the sound of காலி பசங்க டா playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Ip Man DVD 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kausalya action figures 
Visited Madipakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I was near Ampa skywalk but couldnt see it due to European windstorms 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to தூறல் நின்றாலும். helped them man to their feet  
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rai 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to போறானே போறானே. handed them a cane 
spotted hostile members of The Prodigy of Perungudi near Raj Bhavan. girlfriend asked me to hold Old catalogs  and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
when I find Thompson submachine gun I will go visit Sathanur Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A girl from Pallipalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kallanai Dam. handed them a cane 
What woke me up today was the sound of இணையே playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Prawn briyani 
It took two days to cross George Town. had a bad dream 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Virudhunagar told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Vuroram puliyamaram 
There is a rumour that Prabhu Deva fandom now occupies Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore) 
 hurt old lady from Karur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Bodinayakanur. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Anna university campus who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
It took two days to cross Pozhichalur. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Uthungada sangu 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Aspire. took a ride around Whites Road listening to Subramaniapuram songs  
There is a rumour that Sivaranjani fandom now occupies Vattakottai Fort 
Travelling with girlfriend to Velachery. We stayed off the road as we hear Ilayaraja worshippers are out in full force 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Parrys Corner. trekked on till almost dark 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Ekkaduthangal. we have never been here before 
At the edge of Kodambakkam we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. I look really skinny 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Bitter gourd pitlai 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Libya. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
spotted hostile members of Selvaraghavan syndicate near Ajnabi Mithai Ghar. girlfriend asked me to hold Jeans (stonewashed) and readied her crossbow 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Hanover. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Met fans of Dinesh. we cooked and dined on Nandu omelette 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. I live like an animal 
a dying old lady from Hosur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijayalakshmi. they think we are not real 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Anna university campus is full of unexploded deadly bombs . decided to camped there 
There is a rumour that Swathi Reddy fandom now occupies Vellore Fort 
There is a rumour that Suriya fandom now occupies Chepauk Palace 
I was near CMDA Towers but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
It took two days to cross United India Colony. had a bad dream 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Swathi Reddy action figures 
It took two days to cross Adyar. Motionless and precise 
A young boy with a good voice from Dindigul asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Pooja. let me just mind my buisness 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perungudi. We stayed off the road as we hear Glory of Mumbai Indians cult are out in full force 
mind was filled with wistful memories. cold daylight fell through  
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Chicken sukka 
Found a aluminum houses in Iyyapanthangal. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
Met a a begging old lady singing நானி என் பேரு. Id give them half of my food 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a scary graveyard. rummaged through the outsides 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Pozhichalur in search of Aishwarya bobble heads 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a deserted supermarket. walked up to find any tracks 
Basin bridge is full of Aeroplane debris. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Arrived at Radisson blu. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Suvaluxmi 
I want to visit Rasipuram and Nakula Sahadeva Ratha someday 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki. took a ride around Chennai city listening to Mayilu songs  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to தென்றல் வந்து தீண்டும். they are scared 
a poor young boy from Vaniyambadi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Arrived at Southern spice. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Fans of Roja kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and biochemical memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alandur 
Found a scary graveyard in Chepauk. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who search for Sid Sriram a legendary singer 
A young boy with a good voice from Vellakoil told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I was near Chennai Police Commissionerate but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
Found a scary woods in Park Town. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Anirudh supremacy 
Andrea Jeremiah fandom now wander the wasteland of Saligramam. They seek Pigrat Excretions 
Met fans of Ranjith. we cooked and dined on Thayir Soru 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Besant Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
I considered eating Agathi keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Sethupathy sydnicate now wander the wasteland of Smith Road in search of Sukanya bobble heads 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madhavaram Milk Colony the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
At a forest I It was getting dark fast 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sheela Rajkumar 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shruti Haasan	 
spotted hostile members of Glory of Mumbai Indians cult near Sangam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold shovel thats been broken in half and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
Passed through forest and came upon a a stone wall. rummaged through the outsides 
At a a barn we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Dreher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஐ லவ் மை ஆபிரிக்கா playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Karka Karka 
I considered eating Spicy Vanjaram fry. desperate time desperate measures 
Chepauk Palace is full of Sand Dunes. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. wished them luck 
passed through building in Tiruverkadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vimal fandom 
Passed through long hill and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. passed through the site 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sonia Agarwal 
Ran out of completely untouched apartment living room. Time to join Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ayanavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear The Freaks are out in full force 
At the edge of Thirumullaivoyal we sat in the BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them some choclates 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perungudi. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Thiruvanmiyur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Kozhi vellai kuruma 
There is a rumour that Nandita Swetha fandom now occupies Shore Temple 
I want to visit Rajapalayam and Sathanur Dam someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Cheppankizhangu varuval 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Arrived at Spencer plaza. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
spotted hostile members of Divine Assent of Samudhrakani near TNPCB Building. girlfriend asked me to hold Stethoscope and readied her dagger 
Passed through a river  and came upon a garden shed. looks stripped and plundered  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijayalakshmi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Manoj Bharathiraja action figures 
passed through building in Velachery that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sangita fandom 
I want to visit Tirunelveli and Servalar dam someday 
In forest we found a Road Signs in a A burned house 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Peravallur. trekked on till almost dark 
I was near DPI Complex but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
I was near Madras war cementary but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manali New Town there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as anthropomorphics and other strange-looking characters 
Arrived at Abirami mall. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Pasi Paruppu Sambar 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. There were signs in hippy language 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Remya Nambeesan. we briefly discussed about old times. embarrassingly odd memories 
when I find crossbow I will go visit Amaravathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near Westin but couldnt see it due to Dust storm 
Met a Technologist who claimed he knew the location of Sadha 
Dinesh fan club have taken over Keelkattalai 
What woke me up today was the sound of திருப்புகழ் playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
At a metro station we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu 
I was near Fort St. George (India) but couldnt see it due to European windstorms 
At a dried up liver we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to காவேரி கரை ஓரத்துல. handed them a cane 
Drove around Central Square listening to Amaravathi songs. walked the littered streets carefully 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Appadi podu 
Found a a stone wall in Puzhal. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
There is a rumour that Anandhi fandom now occupies Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library 
Arrived at Poomalai Commercial Complex. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
raided Connemara Public Library in search of Five People You Meet in Heaven – Mitch Albom. made a last tour of the place 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Perambalur. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
At a highway we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Visited Aminjikarai. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met fans of Andrea Jeremiah. filled with unforgettable memories 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a scary graveyard. There are no tracks in the mud around 
In empty pond we found a Broken Television Set in a desolate barn 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Monal Naval 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anuya Bhagvath 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Usual Suspects DVD 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI. took a ride around Vadapalani listening to Kadhalar Dhinam songs  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
passed through building in Tharamani that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Salem 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Seedai 
Lost track of what day it is. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met fans of Sadha. filled with remote warm memories 
Sandhya fan club have taken over Palavakkam 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nazriya Nazim 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Chivas Regal. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda WR-V VX. took a ride around Ennore listening to Eli songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chitlapakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ennore 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alwarthirunagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
when I find hand-to-hand combat weapons I will go visit Chepauk Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At the edge of Nanmangalam we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. It is better to be alone 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Good the Bad and the Ugly DVD 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to ஷகலக பேபி ஷகலக பேபி. helped them man to their feet  
A man begging for food from TheniAllinagaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At a muddy road we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Gayathrie fandom now wander the wasteland of Aminjikarai. They seek Broken Nuka Cola Bottle 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ranganathan Street. trekked on till almost dark 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shruti Haasan	. we briefly discussed about old times. retentive and accurate memories 
I considered eating Cauliflower milagu pirattal. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Medavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Neo-Bigilism republic 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Superb L&K 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhumitha 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai kalakki 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in China Bazaar Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Kodiveri dam is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆடிப்பாரு மங்காத்தா playing in distance. no sign of life around 
It took two days to cross Vadapalani. shaking uncontrollably 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Tirumalai (Jain complex) someday 
Travelling with girlfriend to George Town. We stayed off the road as we hear Dindiugal Brotherhood are out in full force 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Se7en DVD 
St. Mary's Church, Chennai is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Dharmapuri. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
We arrived at the outskirts of Puthagaram the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Fans of A. R. Rahman kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back wistful memories 
Dharmapuri doomsday cult now wander the wasteland of Alapakkam in search of Piaa Bajpai bobble heads 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
A scavenger told me he beleives Amy Jackson lives in Varaha Cave Temple 
passed through building in Alapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sadha fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Floppy disk 
There is a rumour that Sneha fandom now occupies Pechiparai Reservoir 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near ITC grand chola who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Passed through field  and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . sat on the embankment and waited	 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a a small hill. looks stripped and plundered  
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a a roadside garage. passed through the site 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Thirumangalam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Milagu kozhambu 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mount Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
A man begging for food from Tambaram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kathir. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a garden shed. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Philippines. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Puliyodarai 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madhavaram the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
Monal Naval fandom now wander the wasteland of Vadapalani. They seek pack of AAA batteries 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Monal Naval. we briefly discussed about old times. intrusive other memories 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a a roadside garage. walked up to find any tracks 
Aintharuvi is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Perungudi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dviya fandom 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Martin - Livin La Vida Loca 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Thirumullaivoyal. we have never been here before 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found old batboard smokehouse. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dunkaroos 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking bonda 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met fans of G. V. Prakash Kumar. filled with catchy memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Potter Series 
Paragons of Kamalhasan now wander the wasteland of Alapakkam in search of Harish Kalyan bobble heads 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a deserted supermarket. sat on the embankment and waited	 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரு கண்ணில் வேகம் playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
It took two days to cross Peters Road. If only my heart were stone 
There is a rumour that Kalaiyarasan fandom now occupies Descent of the Ganges (Mahabalipuram) 
Visited Nungambakkam High Road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
spotted hostile members of Citizens of Chengalpets near parrys corner. girlfriend asked me to hold 12 Gauge Dragonsbreath Shell and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
At a the highest ground we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
passed through building in MKB Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Faction of the Fort St George 
In the highest ground we found a Zippo Lighter in a aluminum houses 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Laos. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
A man begging for food from Hosur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Remya Nambeesan. wished them luck 
At a highway we everything is just motionless and gray 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
We arrived at the outskirts of Rajaji Salai, Chennai the weather is almost unbearable, Motionless and precise 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Peerkankaranai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive a new cult religion that preaches dialogue from Saattai and Appa 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for carrom powder 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nandanam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
Crossed a train station and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Fans of Anuya Bhagvath kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and accurate memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them a cane 
Kallanai Dam is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at Sathyam theatre. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Murugan Idli kadai who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Valasaravakkam. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a scary woods. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Found a a stone wall in Pudupet. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who search the fabled city of Madurai 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Leela palace who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
camped at Chettinad palace and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
Ran out of Pillow. Time to join Mutant Mambalam Republic 
hurt old man from Jayankondam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Poorna. handed them a cane 
a poor young boy from Madurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vikram Prabhu. handed them some choclates 
Met fans of Abbas. we cooked and dined on Kozhakkattai 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to I am a Kuthu dancer 
Visited Ambattur. everything is just motionless and gray 
Raided Rayar mess with Mutant Mambalam Republic. We found Kovakkai poriyal and Nest made of various stuffed animals and blankets. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nethili meen curry 
Crossed a nasty lake and found deserted supermarket. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Camped at a scary woods in Smith Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them some choclates 
It took two days to cross Gerugambakkam. I look really skinny 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Marshall Islands. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puzhal. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I want to visit Dharmapuri and Fort Dansborg someday 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met fans of Shriya Saran. we cooked and dined on Pavakkaai pitla 
It took two days to cross Kazhipattur. feeling half faint and tired 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Park 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to தீ தீ தித்த்திக்கும் தீ. wished them luck 
Raided Raj Bhavan with SRM boyzz. We found Cauliflower milagu pirattal and pruning hook and caught in the neck of a re-dead zombie. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Madambakkam listening to Pennin Manathai Thottu songs  
At a empty pond I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Camped at a garden shed in T. Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bindu Madhavi 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Amaze 
Higginbothams is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. entered from on the far side 
raided Keshav Chaat House in search of Diary milk silk. walked the littered streets carefully 
raided Keshav Chaat House in search of Before Sunset DVD. made a last tour of the place 
It took two days to cross Purasaiwalkam. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Kalyan lives in Law's Falls, Coonoor 
Camped at a desolate barn in Ayanavaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met fans of Dinesh. filled with naturally retentive memories 
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Heera Rajgopal 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shalini 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Bindu Madhavi 
A scavenger from Tambaram a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
raided Valluvar kottam in search of gold flake. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Drove around Arcot Road listening to Kadhalukku Mariyaathai songs. trekked on till almost dark 
Arrived at Adyar eco park. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met a Hairdresser who claimed he knew the location of Bhavana 
Fans of Sukanya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and accurate memories 
I considered eating Ambur chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nivetha Thomas action figures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pulianthope. We stayed off the road as we hear The Droplets are out in full force 
Fans of Keerthy Suresh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague perplexing memories 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of Kundrathur in search of Rajashree bobble heads 
A. R. Rahman fan club have taken over Alwarpet 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aari 
Sivaranjani fan club have taken over Nungambakkam 
Anmol Mohit Lassi is full of Sand dust. decided to camped there 
Met a Veterinarian who claimed he knew the location of Nandita Swetha 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nandanam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
A woman from Vaniyambadi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai). could be a decoy 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Adhaaru adhaaru 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Maari Thara Local 
Sothuparai Dam is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Visited Mangadu. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Lebanon. They left today morning and I am lonely. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I want to visit Oddanchatram and Panchapandava Cave Temple someday 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Mannargudi. noticed dog followed us for two days 
At a MTC bus stop I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Arrived at Mambalam Thanjavur mess. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
A scavenger from Thanjavur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
raided Sathyam theatre in search of green lays. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I considered eating Parangikkaai ellu poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a a roadside garage. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Manali. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gopika 
a dying old lady from Sattur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Keerthy Suresh. let me just mind my buisness 
At a flyover I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for The Pianist DVD 
passed through building in Inner Ring Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Surya sivakumar 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Renault Triber Wagon 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
What woke me up today was the sound of ராஜபாட்டை போல playing in distance. no sign of life around 
Rohini theatre is full of Wastewater sludges. There were signs in hippy language 
Found a McDonalds outlet at China Bazaar Road. trekked on till almost dark 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Tuborg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chitlapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Roman reigns are out in full force 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to கேளாமல் கையிலே. wished them better things 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Keera kadaisal 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Nolambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
It took two days to cross Selaiyur. barren, silent and merciless 
At a dirt road we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing காட்டுலே கம்பங்க்காட்டுலே. wished them better things 
I want to visit Sankarankoil and Ullakaarvi someday 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rambha. we briefly discussed about old times. hazy memories 
A man begging for food from Aranthangi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Lakshmi Menon lives in Coutrallam Falls 
passed through building in Cenotaph Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dinesh fandom 
Arrived at Ampa skywalk. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is a rumour that Anirudh Ravichander fandom now occupies Manimuthar Dam 
mind was filled with prodigious and inexhaustible memories. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
In junction we found a Stroller in a scary woods 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
Drove around Chennai city listening to Kadhalar Dhinam songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A scavenger told me he beleives Parvathy lives in Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Kaaramani poriyal 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Avadi there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate learning lost martial arts called Varma Kalai and nokku varmam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hunter beer. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Tiruvarur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Passed through a river  and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . walked up to find any tracks 
 hurt old lady from Tirunelveli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sandhya. wished them better things 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Puzhal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive violently oppose the establishment of Ilayaraja supremacy 
At the edge of Koyambedu we sat in the Pulsar to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Fans of Deva kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Dominican Republic. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
raided Southern spice in search of Castle in the Sky DVD. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A scavenger from Gudalur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
At a junction I noticed dog followed us for two days 
Preetha Vijayakumar fan club have taken over Kattivakkam 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
There is a rumour that Kathir fandom now occupies Kiliyur Falls 
At the edge of Guindy we sat in the TVS Apache RTR 160 to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
passed through building in Royapettah that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
I was near Raghavendra mandapam but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
There is a rumour that Abbas fandom now occupies Siruvani Waterfalls 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Pallavan House who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Met fans of Pooja. we cooked and dined on Thinai pongal 
Raided Dakshinchitra with The Last of lemurians. We found Ambur Biriyani and Wig (blonde long). I advised them to ration their foods 
Camped at a a small hill in Korattur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met fans of Bindu Madhavi. filled with prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Piaa Bajpai 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Velachery there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive sacrifice of enough ex-IT employees will result in the rebirth of the great Chandrababu 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஜிகிரி தோஸ்து playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Narasimhaswamy is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Sangeetha 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Thirumangalam listening to Azhagiya Tamil Magan songs  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
At the edge of Fort St. George we sat in the Maruti Suzuki WagonR to rest. I look really skinny 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. took a ride around Avadi listening to Yuvan Yuvathi songs  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anju Aravind 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Jithu Jilladi 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Sowcarpet. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who wear only red clothing 
In MTC bus stop we found a First Aid Kit in a abandoned roadworks site 
weird looking bearded man from Jolarpet told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to இவன் சென்னை மா. handed them a cane 
Arrived at Chennai Police Commissionerate. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Thirparappu and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Hornet 160 R 
The Last of lemurians now wander the wasteland of Chrompet in search of Samantha bobble heads 
raided Valluvar kottam in search of The Avengers DVD. noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is a rumour that Parvathy fandom now occupies St. Mary's Church, Chennai 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I want to visit Alandur and Kallanai Dam someday 
Asin fandom now wander the wasteland of Puthagaram. They seek Accountants Logs 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Vadai 
What woke me up today was the sound of நான் ஆணையிட்டால் playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for the Obscure – Thomas Hardy 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Nepiar bridge is full of Doomsday Skelotons. sat on the embankment and waited	 
I want to visit Erode and Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram someday 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Kill a Mockingbird 
A young boy with a good voice from Chidambaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Chennai city that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devi Sri Prasad fandom 
passed through building in Nungambakkam High Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suriya fandom 
Met fans of Ilaiyaraaja. we cooked and dined on Chicken 65 biryani 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to மெதுவாகத்தான். let me just mind my buisness 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. decided to camped there 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Kalkandu pongal 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
mind was filled with haunting memories. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Sukanya. we cooked and dined on Kothamalli Pudina Soru 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Park Hyatt is full of Sand dust. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ennai kathrikkaai masala 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Puthagaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Raided Chennai Police Commissionerate with The Hermits of Pallavaram. We found Kootansoru and Opened Arm Cast. I advised them to ration their foods 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்முன்னே எத்தனை playing in distance. no sign of life around 
mayajaal is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. sat there and ate leftovers 
A woman from Rameswaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. they are scared 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Thiruthani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
At a junction I walked the littered streets carefully 
I want to visit Theni and Sothuparai Dam someday 
Drove around Nungambakkam High Road listening to Ingeyum Oru Gangai songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
Vaigai Dam is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of United India Colony in search of Sivakarthikeyan bobble heads 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near crocodile bank who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Roja action figures 
raided Anna nagar tower park in search of Martens. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met fans of Taapsee Pannu. we cooked and dined on Pudalangaai poriyal 
Raided Forum viajaya mall with SBOA fanatics. We found Seeraga samba chicken biryani and Bag of Charcoal. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a  hurt old lady singing கல்யாணத் திருநாள். Id give them half of my food 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Bajji 
I was near MGR Memorial but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
We arrived at the outskirts of Foreshore Estate the weather is almost unbearable, no sign of life around 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Ilayaraja cassettes 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Simran. we briefly discussed about old times. poignant and pungent memories 
Camped at a A burned house in Alapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Scion of SA Rajkumar now wander the wasteland of Perambur in search of Laila bobble heads 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Raj Bhavan. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Nivetha Pethuraj fandom now wander the wasteland of Central Square. They seek Chisel 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sneha 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found A burned house. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Vijayalakshmi fan club have taken over Pudupet 
At a dry lake we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
I was near Higginbothams but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Drumstick Sambar  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Koyambedu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for samuthrakani 
It took two days to cross Pallikaranai. I live like an animal 
There is a rumour that Malavika fandom now occupies Attangudi Palace 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. wished them luck 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kathir 
spotted hostile members of New Prophet League near Kuralagam Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold wooden baseball bat and readied her grenade 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. entered from on the far side 
Aishwarya fandom now wander the wasteland of Tharamani. They seek HAM Radio Speaker 
Met fans of Janani Iyer. we cooked and dined on Murunga keerai kozhambu 
Met a  hurt old lady singing சூரத்தேங்கா. they are scared 
Roja fan club have taken over Nungambakkam High Road 
I considered eating Nei appam. desperate time desperate measures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
Nair Mess is full of Volcanic lava. could hear a slack drip of water 
a poor young boy from Sattur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Thendral Valaagam is full of Toxic smog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is a rumour that Karan fandom now occupies Thirunadhikkara Caves 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mango Sambar 
passed through building in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tamannaah fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Taco Bell wrap 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to ஒரு சந்தண காட்டுக்குள்ளே. wished them better things 
Manoj Bharathiraja fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass. They seek Hand sized bag of Grass Seeds (Roll vs Luck for intact) 
Dharmapuri doomsday cult now wander the wasteland of Palavakkam in search of Ritika Singh bobble heads 
I want to visit Chengalpattu and Panchapandava Cave Temple someday 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Vietnam. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Murukku 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mathur. everything is just motionless and gray 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Madipakkam. we have never been here before 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Kilpauk. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Kia Carnival Premium. took a ride around Perumbakkam listening to Pulivaal songs  
Arrived at Panagal Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
weird looking bearded man from Krishnagiri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Deepvali atom bomb packets 
passed through building in Vallalar Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajmal Ameer fandom 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
In highway we found a old rusted lunchbox in a a stone wall 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anjali action figures 
Visited Tirusulam. trekked on till almost dark 
I want to visit Namakkal and Mukkadal Dam someday 
There is a rumour that Arvind Swamy fandom now occupies Pancha Rathas 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mammootty lives in Ayyanar Falls 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangita. we briefly discussed about old times. unusually retentive memories 
Visited Santhome. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Drove around George Town listening to Kalyani songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Sri Divya fandom now wander the wasteland of Poonamallee. They seek camera wrecked beyond repair 
I considered eating Ambur Biriyani. desperate time desperate measures 
A girl from Thoothukudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guru Nanak College Ground. wished them luck 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Rajiv Gandhi Salai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Remya Nambeesan 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they are scared 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
At the edge of Royapettah we sat in the Bajaj Dominar 400 to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I considered eating Vendakkaai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
A scavenger from Tirupur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Drove around Mannady listening to Kaanchi Thalaivan songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Estonia. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
Crossed a a river  and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Meena action figures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. wished them luck 
Met a Cook who claimed he knew the location of Chaya Singh 
Ajnabi Mithai Ghar is full of Debris. decided to camped there 
spotted hostile members of Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai near Thiruvarangam. girlfriend asked me to hold Sleeve for Blood Pressure and readied her trinitrotoluene 
I was near Express avenue but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Oddanchatram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Visited Pulianthope. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kattivakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
New Prophet League now wander the wasteland of Choolai in search of Asin bobble heads 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. I dont understand how I am still alive 
spotted hostile members of The Warheads of Walajah road near CMDA Towers. girlfriend asked me to hold Stroller and readied her Hotchkiss machine gun 
Crossed a field  and found scary woods. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found a small hill. noticed cat followed me for three days 
passed through building in Red Hills that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suriya fandom 
Camped at a garden shed in Ritchie Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a empty pond I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Crossed a junction and found a stone wall. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is a rumour that Monica fandom now occupies Fort Dansborg 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
Travelling with girlfriend to Neelankarai. We stayed off the road as we hear The Blessed are out in full force 
passed through building in Alwarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Chaya Singh fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I considered eating Poondu theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kreshna. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
spotted hostile members of Mount Road madmen near Cholamandalam arts vilage. girlfriend asked me to hold Firehose Nozzle and readied her sling 
It took two days to cross Vanagaram. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is a rumour that Aishwarya Rajesh fandom now occupies Kari Motor Speedway 
Ran out of Ink Well. Time to join Chosen Ones of Anna nagars 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kolathur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship vadivelu 
There is a rumour that Vidharth fandom now occupies Gomukhinadhi Reservoir 
A scavenger from Dindigul A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
At a forest I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is a rumour that Meena fandom now occupies Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
At a a river  I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Apollo hospital is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. There are no tracks in the mud around 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Morocco. They left today morning and I am lonely. no sign of life around 
raided Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall in search of A Christmas Carol. hiked back down to the highway 
camped at IIT campus and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
We arrived at the outskirts of Perungudi the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
It took two days to cross Mudichur. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Kalyan lives in Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
Ran out of stash of old magazines. Time to join Sethupathy sydnicate 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
At the edge of Nanganallur we sat in the Honda WR-V VX to rest. It is better to be alone 
There is a rumour that Sivakarthikeyan fandom now occupies Manjalar Dam 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
There is a rumour that Remya Nambeesan fandom now occupies Courtallam 
Naveen Chandra fan club have taken over Iyyapanthangal 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Mettupalayam. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Raided Chennai Police Commissionerate with Followers of the Tendulkar. We found Kaalan milagu varuval and pack of unopened Baseball cards. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Asin 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Manga Soru 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Morocco. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஜூனியர் ஜூனியர் playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Feeling sad. everything is just dim and shapeless 
It took two days to cross Saligramam. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
spotted hostile members of New Teynampet Cooperative cult near Spectrum mall. girlfriend asked me to hold Deck of Playing Cards (Marked) and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Theosophical society is full of nuclear waste. Maybe should go take a look 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Parvathy 
At a highway we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met fans of Devayani. filled with prenatal memories 
Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex is full of unexploded deadly bombs . sat there and ate leftovers 
I was near Alsa mall but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
Met fans of Gopika. filled with embarrassingly odd memories 
At the edge of Thuraipakkam we sat in the KTM RC 200 to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Naatu kozhi rasam 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near CMBT who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Sai Dhanshika fan club have taken over Manali 
A scavenger from Ariyalur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Treehouse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rajashree 
Shruthi Ramakrishnan fandom now wander the wasteland of Cenotaph Road. They seek Flying Disk 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to நான் சிரித்தால் தீபாவளி. wished them better things 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Sembakkam. walked the littered streets carefully 
I was near Nepiar bridge but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ranjitha 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Ajnabi Mithai Ghar who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kaaramani poriyal 
Fans of Shruthi Ramakrishnan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vivid and well-trained memories 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Area Gaana 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. we cooked and dined on Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Aravanai 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Superb L&K 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Santhome there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
A man from Velampalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumbakkarai Falls. wished them better things 
Camped at a A burned house in Tiruverkadu. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Kazhipattur. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Carrot beans thovaran 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MG Hector. took a ride around Vadapalani listening to Maatraan songs  
It took two days to cross Thirumangalam. barren, silent and merciless 
Eraniel Palace is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
It took two days to cross West Mambalam. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. exhausted. can everything just pause 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Nethili meen curry 
camped at Panagal building and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Chronicles of Narnia 
when I find bow and arrow I will go visit Poigai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a metro station I everything is just motionless and gray 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Dakshinchitra who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Thalamuthu Natarajan Building who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back wistful memories 
Camped at a garden shed in Padi. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Shenoy Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Virugambakkam Venerables 
A girl from Nagapattinam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Pancha Rathas. they think we are not real 
It took two days to cross Adambakkam. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in China Bazaar Road. we have never been here before 
weird looking bearded man from Theni asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shanthanu Bhagyaraj. handed them a cane 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Rayappan revival cult 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Government Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive a new cult religion that preaches dialogue from Saattai and Appa 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shreya Ghoshal action figures 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Bindu Madhavi 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Valasaravakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I want to visit Tiruvarur and Fort Vijf Sinnen someday 
Ezhilagam is full of Toxic smog. sat there and ate leftovers 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Ekkaduthangal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Abbas 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kajal Aggarwal 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Otteri. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Id give them half of my food 
A scavenger from Kulithalai hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Remya Nambeesan 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Pudukkottai. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
spotted hostile members of False Prophet Gang near Alwarpet Dakshin. girlfriend asked me to hold Winter Coat and readied her repeating rifle 
camped at Pallavaram yaa moihdeen and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
At the edge of United India Colony we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
I considered eating Muttai paniyaaram. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sukanya action figures 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
passed through building in Adyar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Rayappan revival cult 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Meena 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Coconut fish fry 
when I find Luger pistol I will go visit Manimuthar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Feeling sad. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Thanjavur. It was getting dark fast 
Found a aluminum houses in Choolaimedu. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
It took two days to cross Pattabiram. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sheela Rajkumar 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. Motionless and precise 
Fans of Prabhu Deva kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. off by heart memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nandita Swetha. we briefly discussed about old times. unerring official memories 
Camped at a scary woods in West Mambalam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ratha poriyal 
It took two days to cross Pozhichalur. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met a  hurt old lady singing போர்க்களம் அங்கே. handed them a cane 
Fans of Anuradha Sriram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
Camped at a garden shed in Perambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Camped at a A burned house in Neelankarai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I want to visit Aranthangi and Kodaganar Dam someday 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at China Bazaar Road 
Visited Anna Nagar. It was getting dark fast 
In forest we found a full of tongue depressors in a deserted supermarket 
Passed through long hill and came upon a An old doghouse. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a a small hill. could hear a slack drip of water 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton kuzhambu 
passed through building in Pozhichalur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Amy Jackson fandom 
Tabu fandom now wander the wasteland of Thiruvanmiyur. They seek Garbage Can Lid 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kotturpuram 
Anandhi fan club have taken over Nandanam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anushka Shetty action figures 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Meera Jasmine 
Travelling with girlfriend to Alwarthirunagar. We stayed off the road as we hear The Reincarnated Ramnad order are out in full force 
We arrived at the outskirts of Sithalapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A man from Pudukkottai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Nakula Sahadeva Ratha. they are scared 
I was near Sathyam theatre but couldnt see it due to Acidic rain 
Visited Kotturpuram. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Camped at a scary woods in Whites Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Alapakkam. we have never been here before 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sonia Agarwal 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Libya. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Rajiv Gandhi Salai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Gopika fandom now wander the wasteland of Pulianthope. They seek Basic Car Repair Book 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Murukku 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them a cane 
It took two days to cross MKB Nagar. air is growing thin each passing day 
I was near Anna nagar roundtana but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
At a dirt road we everything is just motionless and gray 
camped at Basin bridge and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Injambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
I want to visit Thiruverkadu and Agaya Gangai someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sakkarai kozhukattai 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nikki Galrani lives in Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
At the edge of Medavakkam we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. I look really skinny 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Peerkangaai paal kozhambu 
Passed through train station and came upon a a small hill. passed through the site 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vikram 
What woke me up today was the sound of முஸ்தபா முஸ்தபா playing in distance. had a bad dream 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. filled with vague sketchy memories 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to mela Sodakku 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Ennai kathrikkai kozhambu 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bhavana. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
mind was filled with scant awful memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Amaze 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gautham Karthik action figures 
I was near Forum viajaya mall but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Sadha fandom now wander the wasteland of Peerkankaranai. They seek Bag of Charcoal 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a An old doghouse. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a A burned house. looks stripped and plundered  
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Chicken pakoda 
I want to visit Coimbatore and Gangaikonda Cholapuram someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for the Brain 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manali there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Anirudh supremacy 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Ekkaduthangal listening to Maan Karate songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Parrys Corner. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Visited Ritchie Street. It was getting dark fast 
 hurt old lady from Velampalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is a rumour that Poonam Bajwa fandom now occupies Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram 
At a train station we trekked on till almost dark 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Madhoo 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Spandana 
Pancha Rathas is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
I considered eating Maravalli kizhangu poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
I was near parrys corner but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
A scavenger told me he beleives Karan lives in Kiliyur Falls 
hurt old man from Thuvakudi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I was near Leela palace but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
Harish Raghavendra fan club have taken over Ramavaram 
At a the highest ground we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met fans of Regina Cassandra. filled with also sunny memories 
Met a  hurt old lady singing அடியே நெடுவாலி.. could be a decoy 
I want to visit Valparai and Thalaiyar Falls someday 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Mutton curry dosa 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
passed through building in Medavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bindu Madhavi fandom 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ஏடி கள்ளச்சி என்னத். wished them better things 
A young boy with a good voice from Cuddalore told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
mind was filled with foggy  memories. feeling half faint and tired 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Chitlapakkam listening to Nammavar songs  
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Beetroot poriyal 
I was near Vandalur zoo but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Mumtaz 
We arrived at the outskirts of Aminjikarai the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of Red Hills in search of Samantha bobble heads 
camped at Anmol Mohit Lassi and had Ballantines. Too many thoughts on mind. I live like an animal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for boost 
Met a Secretary who claimed he knew the location of Bhavana 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Koyambedu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive debate a religious schism over whether the Ilayaraja or Samuthrakani is the true messiah 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Imperial Blue. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Thuraiyur and Mettur Dam someday 
I want to visit Kurichi and Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple someday 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Ran out of extinguisher. Time to join Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. There were signs in hippy language 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Reynolds Naylor) 
Manthra fandom now wander the wasteland of Mogappair. They seek lawnmower 
Aliyar Reservoir is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Activa 6G 
Met fans of Poorna. we cooked and dined on Palambali 
There is an increasing amount of demand for mountain dew 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Blockbuster 
Bhavana fan club have taken over Maduravoyal 
Drove around Moulivakkam listening to Pithamagan songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chepauk 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Pulsar 150 
Fans of Vijay Antony kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. living memories of closed ones 
when I find flamethrower I will go visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Annanur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gautham Karthik fandom 
Camped at a a small hill in Perungudi. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
It took two days to cross Besant Nagar. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Santhome 
Crossed a muddy road and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
What woke me up today was the sound of வராக நதிக்கரை ஓரம் playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Visited Pazhavanthangal. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Found a scary woods in Minjur. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who recite poems written by Snehan 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to அங்யாடே அங்யாடே. could be a decoy 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
A scavenger from TheniAllinagaram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mixed Vegetable Sambar 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alwarthirunagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for thooku dhurai 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Putchi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Avengers DVD 
There is a rumour that Aishwarya fandom now occupies Krishnagiri Dam 
passed through building in Mylapore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Droplets 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ambattur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
passed through building in Arcot Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nandita Swetha fandom 
spotted hostile members of False Prophet Gang near Thendral Valaagam. girlfriend asked me to hold empty box of Lucky Charms and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Tunisia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
camped at Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building and had Ballantines. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Meena 
A woman from Vellore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam. that is definitely a bait 
In the highest ground we found a Burned Globe in a godown covered with ash and dust 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Karikalan 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Renault Triber Wagon 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ilaiyaraaja 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kit kat 
At a MTC bus stop we walked the littered streets carefully 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to முத்தமிழ் கவியே வருக. helped them man to their feet  
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a a stone wall. sat there and ate leftovers 
At a MTC bus stop we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A scavenger told me he beleives Karan lives in Ranjankudi Fort 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sameera Reddy fandom 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal 
raided Subway in search of boost. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
Arun Vijay fan club have taken over Perungudi 
A scavenger from Maduranthakam  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapuram the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
I was near Valluvar Kottam but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chitlapakkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
In nasty lake we found a Tree Sap in a scary woods 
Travelling with girlfriend to Choolai. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion of Mogappair are out in full force 
Genelia D'Souza fan club have taken over Ramavaram 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At a train station we walked the littered streets carefully 
camped at Fort st george and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Harish Kalyan 
I want to visit Krishnagiri and Olakkannesvara Temple someday 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to டிசம்பர் மாதத்து. helped them man to their feet  
raided Anna nagar tower park in search of Dr Strangelove Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb DVD. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a A burned house. passed through the site 
Met a Chef who claimed he knew the location of Gopika 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
At a forest we hiked back down to the highway 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Netherlands. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Oasis 
Ran out of compass but it points South. Time to join The Freaks 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Thuvakudi. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Aruppukkottai. hiked back down to the highway 
passed through building in Red Hills that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Korukkupet 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Besant Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Sid Sriram a legendary singer 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Vanuatu. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Cambodia. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Old Admiral. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Nei Soru 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj V 
Met a A man begging for food singing வம்புக்கார பாட்டி பாட்டி. they are scared 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Atharvaa 
Panagal park is full of Construction debris. passed through the site 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a a small hill. passed through the site 
Maritime Museum, Tranquebar is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
I considered eating Sevai. desperate time desperate measures 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Keera kadaisal 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Visited Sithalapakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near IIT campus who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
A scavenger from Periyasemur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruvotriyur the weather is almost unbearable, Motionless and precise 
Passed through flyover and came upon a A burned house. entered from on the far side 
I want to visit Kangeyam and Government Museum, Pudukkottai someday 
Raided Dakshinchitra with Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai. We found Kozhi vellai kuruma and backpack. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
raided Express avenue in search of DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
Raided Valluvar kottam with Kovilpatti Coalition. We found Kaalan kozhambu and Gecko Tooth. I advised them to ration their foods 
Drove around Nandanam listening to Kadhal 2 Kalyanam songs. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Vattaparai Falls is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mohanlal lives in Sothuparai Dam 
At a round about we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Fans of Haricharan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. same encyclopedic memories 
I was near Anmol Mohit Lassi but couldnt see it due to Squall line 
Gemini bridge is full of Automobile Debris. rummaged through the outsides 
A scavenger from Manapparai a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A scavenger from Sathyamangalam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
There is an increasing amount of demand for American History X DVD 
spotted hostile members of Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam near moore market. girlfriend asked me to hold pillow sack filled with doorknobs and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
sitting patiently at outskirts of MGR Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship yogi babu 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Harish Raghavendra 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Unni appam 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Ethiraj college who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Manali New Town. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who worship Myskkin 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Mukkala mukkabula 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj avenger 
Fans of Dulquer Salmaan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back unwelcome memories 
Found a A burned house in Korukkupet. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vedhika action figures 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Maduravoyal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Ran out of Bottle of Whiskey. Time to join CSK revival cult 
Met fans of Dulquer Salmaan. we cooked and dined on Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
What woke me up today was the sound of பிகில் பிகில் பிகிலுமா playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near guindy national park who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mochai kozhambu 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Crossed a a river  and found old batboard smokehouse. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
mind was filled with random-access memories. cold daylight fell through  
spotted hostile members of Old Ruins Federation near Greams road fruit shop. girlfriend asked me to hold Triangle and readied her quarterstaff 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
A scavenger told me he beleives Ashok Selvan lives in Gingee Fort 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Adambakkam listening to Nesam songs  
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Koothanallur. trekked on till almost dark 
Drove around Guindy listening to Ellorum Vazhavendum songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
A girl from Dindigul told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit M. A. Chidambaram Stadium. wished them luck 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a scary graveyard. sat there and ate leftovers 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Besant Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Kolathur. we have never been here before 
Raided Egmore musuem with The tribe of Trichy . We found Arachuvitta sambar and Jar of Preserved Eyes (1d12). I advised them to ration their foods 
At a dirt road we hiked back down to the highway 
What woke me up today was the sound of வானத்துல playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Anushka Shetty 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda City ZX 
It took two days to cross Kattupakkam. Motionless and precise 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pakkam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aishwarya Rai. we briefly discussed about old times. vague and horrifying memories 
Dharmaraja Ratha is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
At a nasty lake we everything is just motionless and gray 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Ripon building who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dexter cartoon 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to டைலமோ டைலமோ. Told I wont hurt them. 
Rakul Preet Singh fan club have taken over Kotturpuram 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Soundarya action figures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Adhirasam 
We arrived at the outskirts of Santhome the weather is almost unbearable, Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. let me just mind my buisness 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
At a a barn I walked the littered streets carefully 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar 150. took a ride around Tondiarpet listening to Mythili Ennai Kaathali songs  
I want to visit Kumbakonam and Fort Dansborg someday 
passed through building in Madhavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Scion of Siruthai siva 
Raided Perambur station with The Deviants. We found Prawn briyani and Mold Covered Skeletal Hand. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met fans of Rakul Preet Singh. filled with horrible unconscious memories 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
Drove around Vadapalani listening to Bhooloham songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Djibouti. They left today morning and I am lonely. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
mind was filled with distant and fond memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
raided Bharathiyar Illam in search of Boyardee Beef Ravioli. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
A woman from Vellakoil told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Adavinainar Dam. wished them luck 
Faith of the Atlee clan now wander the wasteland of Mogappair in search of Mano bobble heads 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton milagu varuval 
Drove around Kodambakkam listening to Singapore Tamil Songs songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour that Kiran Rathod fandom now occupies Fort Dansborg 
Found a garden shed in Pozhichalur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
Drove around Mugalivakkam listening to Rangeela songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Matrix DVD 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vyasarpadi. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I was near Westin but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
Arrived at Sathyam theatre. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Met fans of Deva. filled with forgotten thoughts 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Raided George town with Neo-Bigilism republic. We found Fish briyani and cooker. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met fans of Mammootty. filled with profane and poetical memories 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Aranthangi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
camped at Hyatt regency and had McDowell. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Help DVD 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Amy Jackson 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for The Bell Jar (Sylvia Plath) 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhoo 
A woman from Palladam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sothuparai Dam. handed them a cane 
Dhoni vizhudhugal now wander the wasteland of Pattabiram in search of Kajal Aggarwal bobble heads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Vijayalakshmi 
I want to visit Palladam and Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple someday 
A woman from Tindivanam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chinnakallar Falls. helped them man to their feet  
What woke me up today was the sound of ராகங்கள் பதினாறு playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Karishma Pani Poori shop who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
Gopika fandom now wander the wasteland of MGR Nagar. They seek Carton of Cigarettes ( packs) 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
A scavenger told me he beleives Malavika lives in Sengupathi Falls 
A woman from Alandur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kuttalam Palace. handed them a cane 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a a roadside garage. could hear a slack drip of water 
Camped at a scary woods in Ramavaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. let me just mind my buisness 
 hurt old lady from Maduranthakam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Hansika Motwani. Id give them half of my food 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Janani Iyer action figures 
I considered eating Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to What a karuvad 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Padi. noticed dog followed us for two days 
when I find handgun I will go visit Mandagapattu Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Karan. we briefly discussed about old times. incredible peripheral memories 
spotted hostile members of The Devotee of Dhanush near Panagal park. girlfriend asked me to hold Chisel and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
It took two days to cross Teynampet. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Karapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
In a barn we found a Bottle of Turtle Wax in a scary woods 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. handed them some choclates 
Trisha fandom now wander the wasteland of Purasaiwalkam. They seek prosthetic leg caught in a bear trap 
Met fans of Samuthirakani. we cooked and dined on Iraal masala 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Tenkasi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Manisha Koirala. Id give them half of my food 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Drumstick Sambar  
I want to visit Nagercoil and Olakkannesvara Temple someday 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttaikos Soru 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Sodakku mela 
Fans of Namitha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest other memories 
Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing நானே தான் ராஜா. they think we are not real 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Fish briyani 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a a roadside garage. looks stripped and plundered  
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Dindigul. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Makk Bhajji Shop is full of Debris. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anju Aravind. we briefly discussed about old times. embarrassingly odd memories 
raided Ripon Building in search of candies. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
camped at marina beach and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus NX 300H LUXURY. took a ride around Shenoy Nagar listening to Nadodi (1966) songs  
Crossed a nasty lake and found a roadside garage. hiked back down to the highway 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijayalakshmi. we briefly discussed about old times. poignant and pungent memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sura puttu 
raided Pallavaram yaa moihdeen in search of and Dumber DVD. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is a rumour that Gaana Bala fandom now occupies Dharmaraja Ratha 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Found a desolate barn in Eranavur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
when I find mine I will go visit Narasimhaswamy and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vallalar Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Paragons of Kamalhasan are out in full force 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nemilichery. We stayed off the road as we hear Cult of the Alwarpet are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shruti Haasan	 lives in Vattaparai Falls 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Sholinganallur 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Mohini 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tvs Apache rtr 180 
when I find dirty bomb I will go visit Vaigai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
when I find MG42 I will go visit Aintharuvi and see for myself if the rumours are true 
raided Burma bazzar Atho Man in search of Cycle tyre. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shreya Ghoshal lives in Vaideki Falls 
Met a A man begging for food singing யாஞ்சி யாஞ்சி. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to மதுரைக்கு போகாதடி. they think we are not real 
At a nasty lake I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . could hear a slack drip of water 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Prawn briyani 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
It took two days to cross Peerkankaranai. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vijayalakshmi lives in Mahishasuramardini Mandapa 
spotted hostile members of Paragons of Kamalhasan near Santhome search. girlfriend asked me to hold wire Spools and readied her mine 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Madras kozhi kozhambu 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is a rumour that Sridevi Vijayakumar fandom now occupies Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram 
Vijay Antony fan club have taken over Padi 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anjali. we briefly discussed about old times. distant and fond memories 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Nair Mess who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
when I find spear I will go visit Nakula Sahadeva Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a a roadside garage in Government Estate. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who beleive Samuthrakani will return to save them after he learns secret powers under a volcano  
hurt old man from Manapparai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
spotted hostile members of Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda near Gemini bridge. girlfriend asked me to hold Metal Pole and readied her mine 
What woke me up today was the sound of கொத்தா கொத்துது போதை playing in distance. If only my heart were stone 
a begging old lady from Thirupparankundram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
At a dry lake we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Camped at a a roadside garage in United India Colony. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pakkam 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Thiruvannamalai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Madurai. noticed cat followed me for three days 
A man from Vaniyambadi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple. they think we are not real 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. we have never been here before 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar RS200. took a ride around Ekkaduthangal listening to Manithanin Marupakkam songs  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Keerthy Suresh 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Tamannaah 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Azerbaijan. They left today morning and I am lonely. I look really skinny 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Republic of the Congo. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ajmal Ameer 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Rambha 
Mandagapattu Temple is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in SETC Ultra deluxe 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Amala Paul fan club have taken over Kodungaiyur 
The Elder Order of Eldams road now wander the wasteland of Mogappair in search of Suriya bobble heads 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Thiruthuraipoondi. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. filled with unusually retentive memories 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . passed through the site 
Met a hurt old man singing மாமா மாமா. Id give them half of my food 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Puliyodarai 
Visited Porur. walked the littered streets carefully 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a An old doghouse. Maybe should go take a look 
Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Arumbakkam in search of Arvind Swamy bobble heads 
A man begging for food from TheniAllinagaram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ashok Selvan. wished them luck 
Visited Mint Street. everything is just motionless and gray 
Raided TNHB Shopping Complex with Vetrimaran veriyans. We found Ennai kathrikkaai masala and Camera (Roll vs Luck for working). I advised them to ration their foods 
when I find dagger I will go visit Sivaganga Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Unni appam 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Israel. They left today morning and I am lonely. shaking uncontrollably 
It took two days to cross Saidapet. Motionless and precise 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Ava Enna 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj avenger 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a aluminum houses. Maybe should go take a look 
In barren land we found a Cloth Tape Measure in a old batboard smokehouse 
a dying old lady from Ambattur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sivakarthikeyan. handed them some choclates 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Ford Freestyle 
Visited United India Colony. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is a rumour that G. V. Prakash Kumar fandom now occupies Fort Dansborg 
What woke me up today was the sound of மழையின் சாரலில் playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Padmanabhapuram. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
What woke me up today was the sound of பட்டய கெளப்பு playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj M80 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with wistful memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Raided Adyar eco park with Tribe of Tharamani. We found Uthappam and Toy Nuka Cola Truck. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ஏழு கடல் சீமை. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
At a dirt road we walked the littered streets carefully 
Feeling sad. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . could hear a slack drip of water 
Madhumitha fandom now wander the wasteland of Puthagaram. They seek Ball of Yarn 
when I find longbow I will go visit Coimbatore Golf Club and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with cruelest and bitterest memories. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to இங்லீஸு லவ். wished them luck 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a deserted supermarket. Maybe should go take a look 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aari. we briefly discussed about old times. vague perplexing memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kamal Haasan action figures 
raided Fishermens cove in search of Castle in the Sky DVD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly rogue waves. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
weird looking bearded man from Gudiyatham asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Athulya Ravi. Told I wont hurt them. 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around Pazhavanthangal listening to Mr Madras songs  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Fair 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found A burned house. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met fans of Namitha. filled with a trip/walk down memory lane 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Ekkaduthangal. we have never been here before 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
It took two days to cross Vallalar Nagar. It is better to be alone 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Naaka Mukka 
Met fans of Remya Nambeesan. filled with blurred memories 
Drove around Saidapet listening to Pooveli songs. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a A man begging for food singing நான் படித்தேன். they think we are not real 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha YZF R15 V3 
At a barren land I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuradha Sriram action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kalaiyarasan 
The Villupuram sanctuary cult now wander the wasteland of Perumbakkam in search of Roja bobble heads 
raided Higginbothams in search of of the Hidden Temple. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangeetha. we briefly discussed about old times. also sunny memories 
Passed through a river  and came upon a deserted supermarket. passed through the site 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pudupet. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Surya sivakumar are out in full force 
Gaana Bala fan club have taken over Kottivakkam 
Raided Santhome search with Kings of KK Nagar. We found Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy and ancient runner beans. I advised them to ration their foods 
What woke me up today was the sound of மேகங்கள் என்னைத் தொட்டு playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I was near Dosart but couldnt see it due to smog 
Vellore Fort is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Whites Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gayathrie fandom 
It took two days to cross Alandur. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Raided Sathyam theatre with SVCE syndicate. We found Hyderabad Biriyani and Trash Bin. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Apocalypse Now DVD 
A boy from Walajapettai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mandagapattu Temple. let me just mind my buisness 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
Fans of Sukanya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague sketchy memories 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from South Africa. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pepper rasam 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a desolate barn. sat on the embankment and waited	 
At the edge of Medavakkam we sat in the Honda Hornet 160 R to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Napoleon. we briefly discussed about old times. incredible peripheral memories 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for green lays 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class. took a ride around Nemilichery listening to Neethane En Ponvasantham songs  
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Thiruneermalai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Moulivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Meena fandom 
A girl from Virudhunagar told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Delhi Gate (Vellore). Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
mind was filled with scant awful memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Sasikumar fan club have taken over Chepauk 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met fans of Manisha Koirala. filled with own meaningful memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A scavenger from Coimbatore a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Rambha fandom now wander the wasteland of Mogappair. They seek in sealed square plastic 
At the edge of Nesapakkam we sat in the MINI to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kiran Rathod 
A scavenger from Tiruvottiyur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Crossed a metro station and found a roadside garage. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Visited Vandalur. walked the littered streets carefully 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. wished them luck 
Sect of Anna university affliated alumni now wander the wasteland of Kovilambakkam in search of Sameera Reddy bobble heads 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Chennai Bypass. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who search the fabled city of Madurai 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to thara local 
Found a garden shed in Mount Road. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. wished them luck 
What woke me up today was the sound of நீ எங்கே என் அன்பே playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
What woke me up today was the sound of வெயிலோடு விளையாடி playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sneha lives in VOC Park Stadium 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Basin bridge who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Idappadi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I want to visit Virudhunagar and Manjalar Dam someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Guardians of the Galaxy DVD 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. let me just mind my buisness 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for milk bikies 
I considered eating Nalli elumbu masala. desperate time desperate measures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cold wave. had a bad dream 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mohanlal action figures 
Aari fandom now wander the wasteland of Pudupet. They seek pack of unopened Baseball cards 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from South Sudan. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a a begging old lady singing நீ காற்று நான் மரம். Told I wont hurt them. 
Ran out of Broken Weapon Parts. Time to join Scion of Siruthai siva 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chetput. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai thokku 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Koothanallur. noticed cat followed me for three days 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Drove around Nanganallur listening to Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Crossed a forest and found a stone wall. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Dviya fan club have taken over Peters Road 
We arrived at the outskirts of MKB Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mathur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive seeks the lost secrets of the tiktok influencers 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Rakul Preet Singh 
I want to visit Alandur and Vattaparai Falls someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Glenlivet. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a Paramedic who claimed he knew the location of Pranitha 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to நாக்கமுக்க நாக்கமுக்க. wished them better things 
Found a a roadside garage in Kottivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who worship a variety of Rice based staple 
It took two days to cross Adambakkam. had a bad dream 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Divya Bharthi. we briefly discussed about old times. distant and fond memories 
It took two days to cross Sholavaram. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Passed through forest and came upon a a roadside garage. looks stripped and plundered  
We arrived at the outskirts of Tirusulam the weather is almost unbearable, barren, silent and merciless 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Erode. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Crossed a crossroads and found a small hill. It was getting dark fast 
when I find Garand rifle I will go visit Solaiyar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I want to visit Sivakasi and Amaravathi Dam someday 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alandur 
Met fans of Tamannaah. we cooked and dined on Meen puli muzham 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Aminjikarai. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
Found a aluminum houses in Alwarthirunagar. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who search for Willbur a legendary singer 
Raided NPKRR Maaligai with The Legion. We found Arisi thengai payasam and 32 ounce Styrofoam cup filled with flat soda. I advised them to ration their foods 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
Arrived at Ramanujan IT park. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kattupakkam the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Siruseri tech park who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
passed through building in Tirusulam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Thoothukudi Fallen 
Met fans of Sherin. we cooked and dined on Urulai podimaas 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for Prayer for Owen Meany 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
At a dried up liver we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Travelling with girlfriend to Manali. We stayed off the road as we hear Dhoni vizhudhugal are out in full force 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Villupuram. trekked on till almost dark 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Hansika Motwani. we briefly discussed about old times. deeper and aboriginal memories 
Met fans of Kiran Rathod. filled with embarrassingly odd memories 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Ran out of Ant Larva. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Found a desolate barn in Kattivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who beleive that a great queen will give them rebirth as powerful agents of darkness 
Arrived at Adyar eco park. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a muddy road we trekked on till almost dark 
There is a rumour that Gautham Karthik fandom now occupies Hogenakkal Eco Tourism 
Ran out of stove. Time to join The Elder Order of Eldams road 
Passed through a barn and came upon a desolate barn. could hear a slack drip of water 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Nicaragua. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
The Neo-Maniratnam order now wander the wasteland of Ambattur in search of Hansika Motwani bobble heads 
 hurt old lady from Tirunelveli told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a dying old lady from Tiruchirappalli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Gopika. helped them man to their feet  
We arrived at the outskirts of Kundrathur the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
I want to visit Karur and Manimuthar Dam someday 
It took two days to cross Meenambakkam. feeling half faint and tired 
Travelling with girlfriend to Madhavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Pure blood poraligal are out in full force 
Kuralagam Buildings is full of nuclear reactor fuel. walked up to find any tracks 
I want to visit Thiruthani and Dindigul Fort someday 
At a MTC bus stop I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Arrived at Connemara Public Library. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
A scavenger from Vedaranyam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Agaya Gangai is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mandaveli. We stayed off the road as we hear Ex-IT exodus  are out in full force 
A scavenger from Thuvakudi weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Raided Nair Mess with CSK revival cult. We found Karuvepillai Soru and gulb jamun mix. I advised them to ration their foods 
At the edge of Thirumullaivoyal we sat in the Maruti Suzuki to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaaramani puli kozhambu 
Government Museum, Karur is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at guindy national park. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Kundrathur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive Bengaluru is infested by rogue hyneas that are coming for chennai next 
Fans of Sukanya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. same encyclopedic memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bhavana 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Usilampatti. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus LS. took a ride around Tambaram listening to Nanbenda songs  
Fans of Nivetha Pethuraj kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Atharvaa lives in Varaha Cave Temple 
I was near Murugan Idli kadai but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chennai Bypass 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Chinnamanur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At a barren land I made a last tour of the place 
IIT campus is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. rummaged through the outsides 
Crossed a the highest ground and found desolate barn. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Gayathrie 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nemilichery the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
spotted hostile members of Scion of Siruthai siva near Nair Mess. girlfriend asked me to hold Lucky 8-Ball and readied her lance 
I considered eating Ennai kathrikkai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Found a a roadside garage in Padi. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Piaa Bajpai 
A scavenger from Kurichi a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Camped at a a small hill in Mugalivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Visited George Town. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ilaiyaraaja 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
I want to visit Ambasamudram and Varattupallam Dam someday 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
Arrived at Basin bridge. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. Everything is gray as my heart 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shalini action figures 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Park Town. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
when I find club I will go visit Kumarakottam Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Manali New Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Hansika Motwani 
Anirudh Ravichander fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass. They seek with glass bottles of soda 
In highway we found a 32 ounce Styrofoam cup filled with flat soda in a An old doghouse 
Chennai central is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. rummaged through the outsides 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rakul Preet Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. dim subliminal memories 
Raided ITC grand chola with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found bonda and of zip ties. I advised them to ration their foods 
I was near Southern spice but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
Met fans of Sneha. filled with distasteful miserable memories 
Dharmapuri doomsday cult now wander the wasteland of Ambattur in search of Pooja bobble heads 
raided MGM dizee world in search of Children (Salman Rushdie). went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Mohanlal fandom now wander the wasteland of West Mambalam. They seek Sandals 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu 
Drove around China Bazaar Road listening to Kolamavu Kokila songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met fans of Dulquer Salmaan. we cooked and dined on Dosai 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
Visited Anna Nagar. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bhumika Chawla 
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Neelankarai 
Arrived at Birla Planetorium. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Madras war cementary is full of Volcanic lava. decided to camped there 
At the edge of Red Hills we sat in the Kia Carnival Premium to rest. I live like an animal 
camped at Aavin Illam and had British empire. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Czechoslovakia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Korattur listening to Amman Kovil Kizhakale songs  
mind was filled with unforgettable memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pepper rasam 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near N V Natarajan Maaligai who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
passed through building in Pammal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Shruthi Ramakrishnan fandom 
There is a rumour that Tabu fandom now occupies Shanmuganathi Dam 
Met a Software Developer who claimed he knew the location of Ilaiyaraaja 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a garden shed. sat there and ate leftovers 
In round about we found a Surgical Mask in a old batboard smokehouse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puthagaram. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
camped at parrys corner and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A scavenger from Karur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Arrived at MGM dizee world. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
I considered eating Mixed Vegetable Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Raai Laxmi 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Thiruninravur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tondiarpet. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Siruseri tech park who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Moulivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sri Divya 
raided Mansuk’s sweet and snacks in search of Woman in White (Wilkie Collins). just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A scavenger from Tirupur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Drove around Valasaravakkam listening to Baatsha songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Drove around Porur listening to Unnai vaazhthi paadukiren songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. let me just mind my buisness 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Madipakkam. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shruthi Ramakrishnan. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Tiruvallur. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Indonesia. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
What woke me up today was the sound of அஸ்க் லஸ்கா playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
In field  we found a cable cutter in a a small hill 
Feeling sad. no sign of life around 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sangeetha 
A scavenger told me he beleives Athulya Ravi lives in Fort Vijf Sinnen 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bhavana 
Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fan club have taken over Tiruvallikeni 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ஏ கண்ண கட்டி காத்துல. let me just mind my buisness 
A boy from Hosur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayajaal. could be a decoy 
I considered eating Pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
raided Hilton in search of colored drinks that ancients called pespi. noticed cat followed me for three days 
spotted hostile members of TNEB employees club near Taj connemara. girlfriend asked me to hold bomb and readied her handgun 
At a MTC bus stop we hiked back down to the highway 
camped at Taj connemara and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to தாலாட்டும் பூங்காற்று. handed them a cane 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Prakash Raj fan club have taken over Pattabiram 
Raided East Mada road stalls with Goundamani Union. We found Kothamalli Pudina Soru and Mechanical Clamp. I advised them to ration their foods 
Visited Vallalar Nagar. trekked on till almost dark 
Lost track of what day it is. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Bitter gourd pitlai 
Found a scary graveyard in Parrys Corner. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
Poorna fandom now wander the wasteland of MKB Nagar. They seek Tackle Box 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Karl schmidt memorial who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Pulsar. took a ride around Tiruverkadu listening to Kadhal Rojave songs  
Visited Puthagaram. hiked back down to the highway 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ambattur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
Met fans of Kreshna. we cooked and dined on Appam 
At the edge of Pattaravakkam we sat in the Maruti Suzuki to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Dulquer Salmaan 
There is an increasing amount of demand for sony walkman 
There is a rumour that Nivetha Thomas fandom now occupies Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Nethili meen curry 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Ghana. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rajashree 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Prabhu Deva 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Janani Iyer 
There is a rumour that Aari fandom now occupies Kodiveri dam 
Travelling with girlfriend to Inner Ring Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Disciples of Rajnikanth are out in full force 
Met fans of Keerthy Suresh. we cooked and dined on Varuthu aracha kozhi curry 
It took two days to cross Annanur. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to தேவதாஸ் (பிள்ளை). wished them luck 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mint Street the weather is almost unbearable, barren, silent and merciless 
Feeling sad. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . looks stripped and plundered  
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Pottu Thaaku 
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken 65 
mind was filled with foggy  memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
mind was filled with profane and poetical memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met fans of Sherin. we cooked and dined on Murungakkai theeyal 
passed through building in Adyar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNSTC fanatics 
Drove around Pulianthope listening to Natpu songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton kuzhambu 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
At a barren land we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sukanya 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Dexter cartoon 
Arrived at Government Museum. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Kajal Aggarwal fan club have taken over Central Square 
At a field  I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
At the edge of Broadway we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ganesh Venkatraman lives in Thalaiyar Falls 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Deva 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for Mad Max: Fury Road DVD 
raided Hilton in search of aasai choclate. It was getting dark fast 
A young boy with a good voice from Thiruthani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Passed through long hill and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There are no tracks in the mud around 
Sherin fan club have taken over Choolaimedu 
camped at Dosart and had Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. Too many thoughts on mind. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A scavenger from Villupuram a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Drove around Royapettah listening to Avvai Shanmugi songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Glenlivet. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them a cane 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Shine 
mind was filled with faint  memories. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a scary woods. entered from on the far side 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pallipaalayam chicken fry 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Annanur 
passed through building in Korukkupet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by PSBB Alumni 
Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore) is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
At a dried up liver I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Ran out of extinguisher. Time to join The Prodigy of Perungudi 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Azerbaijan. They left today morning and I am lonely. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Danga Mari oothari 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Imperial Blue. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met fans of Karikalan. we cooked and dined on Vaazhakkai podimas 
A man begging for food from Anaiyur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sonia Agarwal. they are scared 
Met fans of Manthra. we cooked and dined on Chicken sukka 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Vellakoil. made a last tour of the place 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Throne of Blood DVD 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rambha 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to style da 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
At a dried up liver I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
when I find Vulcan automatic cannon I will go visit Karpaka Vinayakar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Samuthirakani 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
There is a rumour that Deva fandom now occupies Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
In round about we found a Bag of Marbles  in a desolate barn 
In a barn we found a Deathclaw Claw in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Virugambakkam 
SVCE syndicate now wander the wasteland of Peravallur in search of Pooja bobble heads 
I considered eating Vendhaya keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. I look really skinny 
I was near Murugan Idli kadai but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Sameera Reddy 
Met fans of Mumtaz. filled with profane and poetical memories 
A scavenger from Krishnagiri A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. barren, silent and merciless 
Met fans of Kamal Haasan. filled with prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
Met a hurt old man singing அவர்க்கும் எனக்கும். they think we are not real 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. walked up to find any tracks 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nikki Galrani 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Spencer plaza who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Drove around Kolathur listening to Ponnagaram songs. made a last tour of the place 
Visited Mudichur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Camped at a a roadside garage in MGR Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Goundamani Union now wander the wasteland of Puzhal in search of Saravanan	 bobble heads 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Arrived at TNPHC Building. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
I was near Southern spice but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
Fans of Shriya Saran kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. same encyclopedic memories 
Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fan club have taken over Chennai Bypass 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero Splendor Plus 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to நான் ஆணையிட்டால். they are scared 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
Fans of Rajashree kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. nostalgic feeling 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Alsa mall who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Raided Panagal Maaligai with Scion of SA Rajkumar. We found Karuvepillai Soru and full of tongue depressors. I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Kattivakkam. we have never been here before 
mind was filled with astonishingly retentive memories. Motionless and precise 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Foreshore Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Muttom elumbu rasam 
Radisson blu is full of Toxic fog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
passed through building in Mylapore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madurai madmen 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a a small hill. entered from on the far side 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sowcarpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Gathering of the Virgin are out in full force 
Drove around Kodungaiyur listening to 18 Vayasu songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Nandu omelette 
mayajaal is full of Radioactive sludge. There are no tracks in the mud around 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Sengottai. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
I considered eating Kizhangu pottalam. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Periyar EVR Building who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
There is a rumour that Anju Aravind fandom now occupies Adavinainar Dam 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anandhi 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found a roadside garage. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
weird looking bearded man from Kurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bhumika Chawla. could be a decoy 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a a roadside garage. walked up to find any tracks 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sridevi Vijayakumar lives in Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
Drove around China Bazaar Road listening to M. Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Liberia. They left today morning and I am lonely. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Roja fan club have taken over Kodungaiyur 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. feeling half faint and tired 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a garden shed. could hear a slack drip of water 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mogappair the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
There is a rumour that Preetha Vijayakumar fandom now occupies VOC Park Stadium 
Partied all night with hurt old man from South Africa. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Genelia D'Souza. we briefly discussed about old times. old and evidently precious memories 
spotted hostile members of Citizens of Chengalpets near mayajaal. girlfriend asked me to hold Wooden Peg Leg and readied her grapeshot 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they think we are not real 
Met fans of Arulnithi. we cooked and dined on Puliyodarai 
mind was filled with catchy memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
What woke me up today was the sound of நண்பா நண்பா playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Puttu 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ritchie Street 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi. took a ride around Vanagaram listening to Manasellam songs  
At a crossroads I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mammootty 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Found a deserted supermarket in Arumbakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who claim thousands of mutant Mysskin clones roam all around siberia 
At a empty pond I noticed cat followed me for three days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Divya Bharthi action figures 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Makka Kalanguthappa 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sanghavi 
There is a rumour that Harish Raghavendra fandom now occupies Catherine Falls 
At a dirt road we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Kaalan kozhambu 
camped at Government Museum and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Drove around Washermanpet listening to Avana Ivan songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda now wander the wasteland of Medavakkam in search of Dulquer Salmaan bobble heads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for thumbs up 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nikhila Vimal action figures 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Karuthavanlaam Galeejaam 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Purasaiwalkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Fort Vijf Sinnen is filled with Toxic fog according to a survivor I met today 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra MOJO 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kattivakkam. noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sandhya 
camped at Kalathi Newspaper Mart and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Carrot and beans sambar 
A scavenger from Ramanathapuram a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Anushka Shetty fan club have taken over Ennore 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Pakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pattaravakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sweet seedai 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Markers 
Thalaiyar Falls is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
raided Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings in search of Pretty Princess. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers DVD 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. It is better to be alone 
I want to visit Thiruverkadu and Perumpallam Dam someday 
Asin fandom now wander the wasteland of Mugalivakkam. They seek Body Piercing 
Gangaikonda Cholapuram is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with embarrassingly odd memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
camped at Makk Bhajji Shop and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anushka Shetty 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Chile. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஊனம் ஊனம் இங்கே playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
mind was filled with cruelest and bitterest memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
A man begging for food from Thirupparankundram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Reema Sen. handed them a cane 
Visited Pulianthope. made a last tour of the place 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Chepauk Palace who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Saraswathi Mahal Library is filled with Aeroplane debris according to a survivor I met today 
Visited Nolambur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Park 
Met a Aviator who claimed he knew the location of Poorna 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for natraj geometry box 
At a train station we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Suruli Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Devi Sri Prasad 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Found a aluminum houses in Adyar. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who build statues for bijili ramesh 
mind was filled with few ironic memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Prabhu Deva 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Perungudi 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a garden shed. looks stripped and plundered  
when I find spear-thrower I will go visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Scorpio 
spotted hostile members of The order of Velvom near L.L.A. Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Toy Nuka Cola Truck and readied her pistol 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Tamannaah 
There is a rumour that Piaa Bajpai fandom now occupies M. A. Chidambaram Stadium 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Forrest Gump DVD 
spotted hostile members of Dhoni vizhudhugal near Egmore musuem. girlfriend asked me to hold dust-covered journal with the first few pages ripped out of it and readied her boomerang 
raided Burma bazzar Atho Corner in search of War and Peace. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing பாடும்போது நான். let me just mind my buisness 
It took two days to cross Egmore. air is growing thin each passing day 
A woman from Udhagamandalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vaideki Falls. could be a decoy 
CMDA Towers is full of nuclear reactor fuel. entered from on the far side 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Drove around Purasaiwalkam listening to Vellaikaara Durai songs. hiked back down to the highway 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Manthra 
spotted hostile members of TNEB employees club near Singaravelar Maligai. girlfriend asked me to hold metal cabinet and readied her depth charge 
I considered eating Spicy Vanjaram fry. desperate time desperate measures 
I considered eating Ghee pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mohanlal action figures 
Arrived at moore market. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Thanneer muttaan kizhangu poriyal 
A young boy with a good voice from Udhagamandalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Ramanathapuram. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is an increasing amount of demand for pallanguzhi 
Raided Anjapper with Sethupathy sydnicate. We found Murungakkai puli kozhambu and Stethoscope. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Udhayanidhi Stalin. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Treat Bags 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Rakul Preet Singh 
I was near Siruseri tech park but couldnt see it due to smog 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. everything is just dim and shapeless 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
The Freaks now wander the wasteland of Vadapalani in search of Aari bobble heads 
There is a rumour that Arun Vijay fandom now occupies Agasthiyar Falls 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chetput the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to எங்கள் கல்யாணம். they are scared 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata ACE 
There is a rumour that Rambha fandom now occupies Kanadukathan Palace 
Scion of SA Rajkumar now wander the wasteland of Perungudi in search of Amy Jackson bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shriya Saran action figures 
Met a Biomedical Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Napoleon 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
hurt old man from Ramanathapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I want to visit Tiruvottiyur and Agaya Gangai someday 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Chinna yana. took a ride around Manali listening to Thodari songs  
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Thendral Valaagam who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a desolate barn. looks stripped and plundered  
I want to visit Puliyankudi and Kodiveri dam someday 
Ran out of Notepad. Time to join The Prodigy of Perungudi 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thirumullaivoyal. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Kundrathur. we have never been here before 
Drove around Puzhal listening to Singam II songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
when I find Bren machine gun I will go visit Agaya Gangai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
spotted hostile members of The sivakasi legion near Music Academy. girlfriend asked me to hold Abraxo Cleaner and readied her Luger pistol 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Devi theatre who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Dreher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A boy from Kurichi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mahishasuramardini Mandapa. Id give them half of my food 
A scavenger told me he beleives Arvind Swamy lives in Siruvani Waterfalls 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pammal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
Panchapandava Cave Temple is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Janani Iyer 
I was near East Mada road stalls but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
Crossed a dirt road and found scary graveyard. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Naaka Mukka 
In highway we found a Fountain Pen in a scary graveyard 
At a poisonous lake we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Sridevi Vijayakumar fan club have taken over Wallajah Road 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
A man from Kuniyamuthur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Government Museum, Pudukkottai. Id give them half of my food 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
camped at GRT grand and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Park Town there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Hariharan 
At a forest I made a last tour of the place 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Ekkaduthangal. we have never been here before 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Arcot Road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. filled with unusually retentive memories 
Arrived at Thiruvarangam. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I was near Birla Planetorium but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. Motionless and precise 
There is a rumour that Shalini fandom now occupies Sothuparai Dam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero HF Deluxe 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kausalya. we briefly discussed about old times. prenatal memories 
passed through building in Anna Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijay Sethupathi fandom 
spotted hostile members of Vetrimaran veriyans near Kaligambal mess. girlfriend asked me to hold large wrench and readied her crossbow 
It took two days to cross Thirumangalam. Motionless and precise 
It took two days to cross Peerkankaranai. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Files 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Crossed a forest and found garden shed. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Mullangi poriyal 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to வானவில்லென வந்து காதலின். handed them some choclates 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a An old doghouse. could hear a slack drip of water 
A woman from Tambaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aathupalayam Dam. let me just mind my buisness 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Tabu action figures 
Prashanth fandom now wander the wasteland of Manali. They seek old and rusty and lighter that surprisingly still works 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nikki Galrani. we briefly discussed about old times. retentive and ready memories 
spotted hostile members of Dindiugal Brotherhood near TNPCB Building. girlfriend asked me to hold food can and readied her longbow 
raided Kalashetra in search of Floppy disk. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Secret Garden 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to பணம் என்னடா பணம். wished them luck 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. looks stripped and plundered  
Arrived at NPKRR Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore) is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Catherine Tresa. we briefly discussed about old times. off by heart memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Drove around Adambakkam listening to Idhayathai Thirudathe songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Goundamani Union now wander the wasteland of Ritchie Street in search of Sheela Rajkumar bobble heads 
At a barren land we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vimal lives in Tamukkam Palace 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sheela Rajkumar 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nayanthara lives in Krishnagiri Dam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Basin Bridge. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour that Shreya Ghoshal fandom now occupies Thirunadhikkara Caves 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and VOC Park Stadium someday 
What woke me up today was the sound of பார்த்தீரா இவர் சரசம் playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing சொட்ட சொட்ட. they are scared 
Peoples Temple now wander the wasteland of Maduravoyal in search of Suvaluxmi bobble heads 
Found a a stone wall in Thirumullaivoyal. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who debate a religious schism over whether the Ilayaraja or Samuthrakani is the true messiah 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nivetha Pethuraj 
spotted hostile members of Verithanam Vimal cult near Panagal building. girlfriend asked me to hold cereal box thats been converted into a makeshift mask and readied her Bren machine gun 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. I live like an animal 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. should just curse god and stop existing 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pulianthope. We stayed off the road as we hear Vadivel Syndicate are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sonia Agarwal lives in Varaha Caves 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi pachai curry 
mind was filled with phenomenally massive memories. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
In barren land we found a cereal box thats been converted into a makeshift mask in a aluminum houses 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Government Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a new area 51 type establishment that creates mutant tik-tok artists 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pazham Paniyaram 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata sumo. took a ride around Avadi listening to Thamizhan songs  
A scavenger told me he beleives Vijayalakshmi lives in Vaigai Dam 
Raided Santhome search with Goundamani Union. We found Kalkandu pongal and Pilot Light. I advised them to ration their foods 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ranjitha 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) 
Met fans of Anushka Shetty. filled with oldest other memories 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. no sign of life around 
Met a A man begging for food singing தூளியிலே ஆடவந்த. helped them man to their feet  
The badass cult of Bodinayakanur now wander the wasteland of Koyambedu in search of Remya Nambeesan bobble heads 
a begging old lady from Gudiyatham asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sonia Agarwal. handed them a cane 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mandaveli. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kajal Aggarwal action figures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abbas 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Theosophical society who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mullangi poriyal 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Abbas. we briefly discussed about old times. same encyclopedic memories 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tharamani there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
I was near Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Selaiyur 
spotted hostile members of Mugilivakkam Mortals near Bharathiyar Illam. girlfriend asked me to hold crate of canned food and readied her bombs 
At the edge of Virugambakkam we sat in the Kia Carnival Premium to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Hobbit 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at T. Nagar 
passed through building in Vallalar Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arun Vijay fandom 
At a the highest ground I everything is just motionless and gray 
I considered eating Kari dosai. desperate time desperate measures 
raided TNPCB Building in search of Eyre. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Connemara public library is full of Volcanic lava. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Vasundhara Kashyap 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Taj connemara who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Kambam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
passed through building in Kodambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by A. R. Rahman fandom 
camped at High court building and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Perambur station is full of nuclear waste. rummaged through the outsides 
At the edge of Arumbakkam we sat in the MINI CLUBMAN Wagon to rest. Motionless and precise 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for gold flake 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Thuraiyur. made a last tour of the place 
There is a rumour that Hansika Motwani fandom now occupies Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Arasanikaai poriyal 
Fans of Vikram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prenatal memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன்னை நினைத்து playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Radisson blu is full of nuclear waste. decided to camped there 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Blenders Pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Ritchie Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Tambaram listening to Apoorva Piravikal songs  
hurt old man from Tirunelveli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Amala Paul. helped them man to their feet  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Monica fandom now wander the wasteland of Egmore. They seek wooden bench 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a desolate barn. Maybe should go take a look 
Visited Nanganallur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
passed through building in Pammal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Harish Kalyan fandom 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Tiruvallikeni. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A scavenger from Maraimalainagar A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sheela Rajkumar action figures 
In a river  we found a Book of Poetry in a a stone wall 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Goodfellas DVD 
Varaha Cave Temple is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Ran out of Pigrat Excretions. Time to join Peoples Temple 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
At the edge of Maduravoyal we sat in the Mercedes to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
 hurt old lady from Tiruvarur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a A burned house. looks stripped and plundered  
mind was filled with excellent geographic memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I want to visit Kanchipuram and Shore Temple someday 
At the edge of Annanur we sat in the Maruti Suzuki to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
A girl from Pallipalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram. handed them a cane 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Fine Balance – Rohinton Mistry 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a A burned house. looks stripped and plundered  
Nagma fandom now wander the wasteland of Besant Nagar. They seek Keyring full of Keys 
A man from Ramanathapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumarakottam Temple. helped them man to their feet  
passed through building in Anna Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aishwarya Rai fandom 
spotted hostile members of The tribe of Trichy  near KFC. girlfriend asked me to hold teddy bear with its left arm mostly torn off and only hanging on by a few threads and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Prabhu Deva. we briefly discussed about old times. unusually retentive memories 
Ran out of Rusty Straight Razor. Time to join Scion of SA Rajkumar 
Met a Lawyer who claimed he knew the location of Saravanan	 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Nakka mukka 
Abbas fandom now wander the wasteland of Manali New Town. They seek Bowling Pin 
Vetrimaran veriyans now wander the wasteland of Mogappair in search of Kathir bobble heads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Keerthy Suresh 
I want to visit Thuraiyur and Government Museum, Pudukkottai someday 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Galeejam 
A boy from Kallakurichi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Rajarathinam Stadium. could be a decoy 
mind was filled with poignant and pungent memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sid Sriram lives in Kuppanatham Dam 
Met fans of Madhoo. filled with oldest other memories 
passed through building in Koyambedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNEB employees club 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Valasaravakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for in Wonderland 
A scavenger told me he beleives Heera Rajgopal lives in Kalingarayan Anicut 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. cold daylight fell through  
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Greece. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Ajnabi Mithai Ghar is full of Toxic smoke. Maybe should go take a look 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
I want to visit Valasaravakkam and Agasthiyar Falls someday 
mind was filled with benign other memories. shaking uncontrollably 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangita 
a poor young boy from Anakaputhur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Raided Chennai Police Commissionerate with The Reincarnated Ramnad order. We found Prawn Biryani and Blocks. I advised them to ration their foods 
At a the highest ground I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A girl from Avaniapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Dharmaraja Ratha. Id give them half of my food 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken pakoda 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Perumbakkam. we have never been here before 
Sivaranjani fandom now wander the wasteland of Minjur. They seek MRE 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Laos. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
Ran out of Notepad. Time to join The Legion of Lemuria 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Roman Holiday DVD 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank BIRA 91. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki WagonR 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a An old doghouse. There were signs in hippy language 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pallavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
Visited Sholinganallur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Feeling sad. I live like an animal 
I considered eating Pepper rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
At the edge of IIT Madras we sat in the MG Hector to rest. I live like an animal 
Met fans of Heera Rajgopal. filled with phenomenally massive memories 
hurt old man from Thoothukudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vignesh. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
There is a rumour that Mano fandom now occupies Kunderipallam Dam 
Gass Forest Museum is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Met a A man begging for food singing உனது விழியில். Id give them half of my food 
I want to visit Thuvakudi and Gingee Fort someday 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Treehouse 
Arrived at Kalashetra. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Kalingarayan Anicut is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Roman reigns near Panagal building. girlfriend asked me to hold Magnet and readied her assault rifle 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I want to visit Tambaram and Dharmaraja Ratha someday 
There is a rumour that Mumtaz fandom now occupies Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Virugambakkam. hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of wooden baseball bat. Time to join Scion of SA Rajkumar 
At the edge of Puzhal we sat in the Mercedes to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tondiarpet 
Kajal Aggarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Ranganathan Street. They seek Paraphan Candle 
Crossed a empty pond and found garden shed. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A woman from Kambam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mettur Dam. handed them some choclates 
Drove around Villivakkam listening to Asal songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
camped at ITC grand chola and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Apollo hospital is full of Toxic leachate. walked up to find any tracks 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Meera Jasmine action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Prakash Raj 
At a a river  I trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kollu kozhambu 
In highway we found a duct tape in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
spotted hostile members of Mutant Mambalam Republic near ITC grand chola. girlfriend asked me to hold Pressure Cooker and readied her dagger 
Fans of Soundarya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. immortal times 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Mukkala mukkabula 
I considered eating Chow chow poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Kara Sevu 
when I find sword I will go visit Servalar dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
In forest we found a Nuka Cola in a A burned house 
Arrived at Taj connemara. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Drove around Mandaveli listening to Goli Soda songs. It was getting dark fast 
Drove around MKB Nagar listening to Guru songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Ritika Singh fandom now wander the wasteland of Perambur. They seek old and rusty and lighter that surprisingly still works 
Swathi Reddy fan club have taken over Ennore 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Piaa Bajpai 
We arrived at the outskirts of Washermanpet the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At a metro station we hiked back down to the highway 
Drove around Inner Ring Road listening to Anandha Poongatre songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Ambattur. we have never been here before 
mind was filled with cruelest and bitterest memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vineeth. we briefly discussed about old times. dim subliminal memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Pudukkottai. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pozhichalur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Ran out of Dirtied Wedding Dress. Time to join Disciples of Rajnikanth 
Raided Feastinn  with The Legion of Lemuria. We found Seeraga samba mutton biryani and beans. I advised them to ration their foods 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from New Zealand. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Medavakkam 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
There is a rumour that Kreshna fandom now occupies Varaha Cave Temple 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
mind was filled with distant and fond memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
What woke me up today was the sound of தூங்காத விழிகள் playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Guinea. They left today morning and I am lonely. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Mohanlal fan club have taken over Tiruverkadu 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for tv 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Tiruvarur. made a last tour of the place 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kodambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Tiruchirapalli 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sherin 
Sengupathi Falls is filled with Radioactive sludge according to a survivor I met today 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a aluminum houses. rummaged through the outsides 
Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Madhavaram. They seek Sunglasses 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Greams road fruit shop who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rear Window DVD 
There is a rumour that Kamal Haasan fandom now occupies Fort Vijf Sinnen 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near thalamuthu natarajan maligai who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
Visited Selaiyur. everything is just motionless and gray 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anuradha Sriram lives in Descent of the Ganges (Mahabalipuram) 
raided DMS Compound in search of Cuisine. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Devayani fandom now wander the wasteland of Medavakkam. They seek Mirelurk Claw 
Travelling with girlfriend to Thuraipakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Virugambakkam Venerables are out in full force 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Tom and jerry cartoon 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Minjur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Anju Aravind 
There is a rumour that Anuya Bhagvath fandom now occupies Thirumoorthy Dam 
mind was filled with old and biochemical memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn ghee roast 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Twist 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
George town is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Ekkaduthangal. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who believes in something known as Nithyanandas Law 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mount-Poonamallee Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
What woke me up today was the sound of டும்மாங்கோழி ஆடிப் பாரு playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A girl from Arani told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam. Id give them half of my food 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gaana Bala. we briefly discussed about old times. distasteful miserable memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
passed through building in Mathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sethupathy sydnicate 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Government Museum who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
A scavenger from Periyakulam a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Karuppanadhi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   now wander the wasteland of Sithalapakkam in search of Regina Cassandra bobble heads 
raided Spencer plaza in search of Reynolds Naylor). realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A scavenger from Tirupur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I considered eating Muttai thokku. desperate time desperate measures 
Crossed a crossroads and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mammootty 
spotted hostile members of Mount Road madmen near Murugan Idli kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold food and readied her spear-thrower 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Karikalan 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thirattu paal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus NX 300H LUXURY. took a ride around Chrompet listening to Kuththu songs  
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Burma bazzar Atho Man who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
Visited Rajaji Salai, Chennai. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Kaaramani poriyal 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
A woman from Tiruvallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. helped them man to their feet  
passed through building in United India Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sri Divya fandom 
At the edge of Meenambakkam we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around China Bazaar Road listening to Aanandha Kummi songs  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Blenders Pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Pakistan. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Udhayanidhi Stalin. we briefly discussed about old times. distant and fond memories 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Canada. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Fans of Rambha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague and horrifying memories 
Raided Higginbothams with GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance. We found Milagu Soru and Dentures. I advised them to ration their foods 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Kattivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
 hurt old lady from Chennai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. filled with accurate and retentive memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around Kattupakkam listening to Sinthu Pairavi songs  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kara pori 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing போம் போம் போம். helped them man to their feet  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Eswatini. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. handed them a cane 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the varieties of Mixture 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Poonam Bajwa 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them some choclates 
Gopika fan club have taken over Madipakkam 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Pooja 
Aishwarya Rai fandom now wander the wasteland of Kundrathur. They seek 50kgs bag of cement 
In long hill we found a Tricycle in a An old doghouse 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Sholavaram. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who search for Hiphoptamizha a legendary music artist 
Camped at a scary woods in Minjur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At the edge of Kovilambakkam we sat in the Baja Auto rickshaw to rest. cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Sangu 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Perungudi listening to Paarvai Ondre Podhume songs  
Met a a poor young boy singing தக்கத்திமிதா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Drove around Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road listening to Ingeyum Oru Gangai songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vetrilai poondu Soru 
when I find Hotchkiss machine gun I will go visit Mukkadal Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour that Anand fandom now occupies Katary Falls 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Colachel. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Crossed a forest and found scary woods. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Pallavan House is full of Volcanic lava. sat on the embankment and waited	 
At the edge of Villivakkam we sat in the Hero Splendor Plus to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
It took two days to cross Park Town. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anju Aravind 
Fans of Harish Raghavendra kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. wistful memories 
Passed through train station and came upon a desolate barn. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Sri Divya fan club have taken over Chepauk 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing சங்கி மங்கி ஆடும். they are scared 
Ran out of Basic Sensor Module. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Drove around Eranavur listening to Dheepam songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram is filled with Aeroplane debris according to a survivor I met today 
Gemini bridge is full of Debris. could hear a slack drip of water 
mind was filled with unforgettable memories. shaking uncontrollably 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Raj Bhavan there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of Biriyanis 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Leggings 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Spandana 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. wished them luck 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Sridevi Vijayakumar 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . passed through the site 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Lemon rasam 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Murungakkai puli kozhambu 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manali there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive mysskin will save the world 
a dying old lady from Erode asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Haricharan. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Arrived at N V Natarajan Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Arrived at Ajnabi Mithai Ghar. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ambur Biriyani 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . decided to camped there 
Solaiyar Dam is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Manali New Town that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by CSK revival cult 
What woke me up today was the sound of வனத்திலோடிய மானிட வீரனை playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Orathuppalayam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for aasai choclate 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sri Divya 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Id give them half of my food 
Catherine Tresa fandom now wander the wasteland of Red Hills. They seek Book of Sheet Music 
mind was filled with oldest and faintest memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
What woke me up today was the sound of Shut Up Your Mouth playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Ran out of football. Time to join Wolves of Otteri 
It took two days to cross Gerugambakkam. If only my heart were stone 
What woke me up today was the sound of நினைக்கின்ற பாதையில் playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
New Prophet League now wander the wasteland of Kottur in search of Hariharan bobble heads 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
Arrived at Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
At the edge of Korattur we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v. took a ride around Santhome listening to Vanthaan Vendraan songs  
Alsa mall is full of Dioxin wastes. rummaged through the outsides 
I was near parrys corner but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sandhya 
There is an increasing amount of demand for boomer bubblegums 
A scavenger from Viluppuram hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
Met a a dying old lady singing வாஞ்சை மிகுந்திட. handed them a cane 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nungambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
Dindigul Fort is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
spotted hostile members of CSK revival cult near Burma bazzar. girlfriend asked me to hold Tennis Racket and readied her AK-47 
At a dried up liver I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Lakshmi Menon 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing அருவாக்காரன் அழகான. they think we are not real 
Travelling with girlfriend to Choolai. We stayed off the road as we hear The Prodigy of Perungudi are out in full force 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anuya Bhagvath 
Fans of Piaa Bajpai kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. haunting memories 
Met fans of Mumtaz. we cooked and dined on Murungakkai theeyal 
Raided Santhome search with Chosen Ones of Anna nagars. We found Dindugal Biriyani and Bag of Yeast. I advised them to ration their foods 
A woman from Salem told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodiveri dam. let me just mind my buisness 
Keerthy Suresh fandom now wander the wasteland of Chrompet. They seek Taxadermied Rabbits Foot 
a begging old lady from Tirupur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Gautham Karthik. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Ramanujan IT park is full of Toxic leachate. sat there and ate leftovers 
Divya Spandana fan club have taken over Tiruverkadu 
raided Ripon building in search of centre fresh. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Rapid 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Porur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
Fans of Taapsee Pannu kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim and diffuse memories 
At a train station we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing தேன் பூவே பூவே வா. Told I wont hurt them. 
It took two days to cross Manali. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. Maybe should go take a look 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
I was near Kannagi statue but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perungalathur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. they are scared 
Kiran Rathod fan club have taken over Thiruvanmiyur 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Palavakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mint Street. hiked back down to the highway 
passed through building in Teynampet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Devotee of Dhanush 
At a forest I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Arrived at Burma bazzar. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
A young boy with a good voice from Virudhachalam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kathir. wished them luck 
In muddy road we found a Mechanical Clamp in a garden shed 
a begging old lady from Villupuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Inner Ring Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Anjappar outlets 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Krishnagiri. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Soundarya 
mind was filled with back wistful memories. cold daylight fell through  
Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Viluppuram and Thanjavur Maratha Palace someday 
A woman from Tiruchirapalli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. handed them a cane 
Found a McDonalds outlet at George Town. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Children (Salman Rushdie) 
At the edge of Thirumangalam we sat in the Honda WR-V VX to rest. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ashok Selvan. we briefly discussed about old times. incredible peripheral memories 
St. Mary's Church, Chennai is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perambur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Mount-Poonamallee Road. we have never been here before 
At a MTC bus stop we hiked back down to the highway 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
mind was filled with unerring official memories. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building with Nungambakkam overlords. We found Chettinad spicy egg curry and books. I advised them to ration their foods 
I was near Chennai Police Commissionerate but couldnt see it due to Deadly Derecho 
A woman from Kulithalai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aathupalayam Dam. wished them luck 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in T. Nagar. we have never been here before 
Feeling sad. no sign of life around 
Met a hurt old man singing வெளிநாட்டு கிராமபுரத்தில். let me just mind my buisness 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruninravur. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I was near Statue of Labour but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sasikumar 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
mind was filled with poignant and pungent memories. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya Rajesh 
I was near Higginbothams but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
Drove around Eranavur listening to Navarathinam songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
A woman from Kuniyamuthur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Siruvani Waterfalls. Id give them half of my food 
mind was filled with dim  memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them a cane 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ashok Selvan lives in Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal 
It took two days to cross Vyasarpadi. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Avadi there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Bigil 
Camped at a a small hill in Pallikaranai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
In dirt road we found a Cave Fungus in a desolate barn 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus NX 300H LUXURY. took a ride around Maduravoyal listening to Maari songs  
passed through building in Kotturpuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gopika fandom 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Told I wont hurt them. 
Arrived at Didingul Thalapakkati. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Visited Neelankarai. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
Met fans of Bindu Madhavi. filled with deeper and aboriginal memories 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Pallavapuram. It was getting dark fast 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Passed through flyover and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There were signs in hippy language 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to புது சூரியன் என் வீட்டிலே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
It took two days to cross Rajaji Salai, Chennai. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I want to visit Tiruchengode and Kodiveri dam someday 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Minjur 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bhumika Chawla action figures 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Pallikaranai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met fans of Meera Jasmine. filled with painful or uncomfortable memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ayanavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Verithanam Vimal cult are out in full force 
camped at Police headquarters building and had McDowell. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a Hairdresser who claimed he knew the location of Vikram Prabhu 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Mochai theeyal 
Paragons of Kamalhasan now wander the wasteland of Vadapalani in search of Radhika Apte bobble heads 
I want to visit Pammal and Chokkanatha Nayak Palace someday 
raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building in search of natraj pencils. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rajashree action figures 
Met fans of Rambha. we cooked and dined on Kaalan milagu varuval 
A girl from Kayalpattinam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit VOC Park Stadium. Id give them half of my food 
Met fans of Shruti Haasan	. filled with fond memories 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Arcot Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
a begging old lady from Ambasamudram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nikki Galrani. handed them some choclates 
Fans of Taapsee Pannu kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back bad memories 
Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
Anuya Bhagvath fan club have taken over Choolaimedu 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Deeyalo Deeyalo 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kodambakkam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Trisha action figures 
In round about we found a phrenology bust in a scary woods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Chinna yana 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a scary woods. rummaged through the outsides 
Crossed a a river  and found scary graveyard. hiked back down to the highway 
Passed through forest and came upon a scary woods. passed through the site 
I want to visit Pernampattu and M. A. Chidambaram Stadium someday 
It took two days to cross Adambakkam. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
What woke me up today was the sound of அடி தாராபுரம் தாம்பரம் playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Manjalar Dam is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tirusulam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive recite poems written by Snehan 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kadalai paruppu paayasam 
mind was filled with immortal times. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Drove around Nanmangalam listening to Roja Kootam songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Raided Raj Bhavan with Order of Marina. We found Vendhaya keerai poriyal and Pepper Mill. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raided Theosophical society with New Prophet League. We found Manga Soru and relic from the Nuclear age. I advised them to ration their foods 
Myskkin Brotherhood now wander the wasteland of Kattupakkam in search of Radhika Apte bobble heads 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kottur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive recruits members for their motorcycle gang and travel tamil nadu looking for a good time 
A man begging for food from Chennai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sneha. let me just mind my buisness 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nikki Galrani 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Mango Sambar 
A man from Maraimalainagar told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Agaya Gangai. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Gass Forest Museum and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Sivakasi. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing திருப்பதி வந்தா. handed them some choclates 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Pranitha 
Kodaganar Dam is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vadapalani the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
when I find pike I will go visit Ullakaarvi and see for myself if the rumours are true 
when I find PETN I will go visit Government Museum, Erode and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a scary graveyard. walked up to find any tracks 
Forum viajaya mall is full of Toxic Spent solvent wastes. There were signs in hippy language 
A boy from Nallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Manimuthar Dam. handed them a cane 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Royapuram Peter 
I was near Radisson blu but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mumtaz. we briefly discussed about old times. unerring official memories 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Costa Rica. They left today morning and I am lonely. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to பூங்கொடிதான் பூத்ததம்மா. they are scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Prakash Raj. we briefly discussed about old times. retentive and ready memories 
At a nasty lake I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Porsche Panamera Hatchback 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Visited Karapakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met fans of Mumtaz. we cooked and dined on Keerai Thandu Sambar 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Royapettah. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who paint potraits of Ilayaraja 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. Motionless and precise 
I considered eating Kara Sevu. desperate time desperate measures 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Minjur 
Shreya Ghoshal fan club have taken over Ennore 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Thanjavur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At a crossroads we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series M Sport. took a ride around Ekkaduthangal listening to Dharma Yuddham songs  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rambha. we briefly discussed about old times. phenomenally massive memories 
In barren land we found a Bag of Feed Corn in a scary woods 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. shaking uncontrollably 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Royapettah. we have never been here before 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A scavenger from Jolarpet a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
I considered eating Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
a begging old lady from Coimbatore told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for monacco biscuit 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tharamani 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a hurt old man singing வண்டி வண்டி. that is definitely a bait 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Music Academy who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
camped at Ripon Building and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Lost track of what day it is. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a aluminum houses. looks stripped and plundered  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
In flyover we found a grenade in a An old doghouse 
Samantha fan club have taken over Selaiyur 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Portugal. They left today morning and I am lonely. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ajith Kumar 
At a a barn I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
At a round about we noticed dog followed us for two days 
I want to visit Mannargudi and Panchapandava Cave Temple someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Royal Stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. they think we are not real 
There is an increasing amount of demand for G. V. Prakash Kumar action figures 
Met fans of Bhumika Chawla. we cooked and dined on Mulai payaru kozhambu 
Crossed a empty pond and found An old doghouse. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn ghee roast 
It took two days to cross Adyar. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Hyderabad Biriyani 
Met fans of Chaya Singh. we cooked and dined on Prawn briyani 
passed through building in China Bazaar Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sheela Rajkumar fandom 
A woman from Avaniapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore. that is definitely a bait 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thirumangalam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
A scavenger from Dindigul a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
spotted hostile members of The Last of lemurians near Subway. girlfriend asked me to hold Walking Cane (may count as baton) and readied her assault rifle 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Comfy Couch 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Before Sunrise DVD 
A scavenger from Thoothukudi weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
I considered eating Avarakkai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. should just curse god and stop existing 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Simran action figures 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
Madurai madmen now wander the wasteland of Nesapakkam in search of Shanthanu Bhagyaraj bobble heads 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
Met a Technologist who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rajesh 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nandanam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
It took two days to cross IIT Madras. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
I was near Taj connemara but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
At the edge of Mint Street we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
In flyover we found a Pack of Cigarettes in a godown covered with ash and dust 
Oracles of Salem now wander the wasteland of Red Hills in search of Andrea Jeremiah bobble heads 
What woke me up today was the sound of என் கனவினை playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
There is a rumour that Poorna fandom now occupies Aathupalayam Dam 
Met a Dietitian who claimed he knew the location of Suriya 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mathur 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Nellikuppam. It was getting dark fast 
At a metro station I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
At a a barn I trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
mind was filled with back distant memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
I considered eating Chicken chettinad. desperate time desperate measures 
Kiran Rathod fandom now wander the wasteland of Tondiarpet. They seek Santa Claus Mask 
Passed through forest and came upon a a small hill. Maybe should go take a look 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tirusulam. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Alwarpet near Anna Centenary Library. girlfriend asked me to hold Pitcher and readied her rifle 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Smith Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
A scavenger from Kayalpattinam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to ஏண்டி ஏண்டி என்ன மாத்துற. Told I wont hurt them. 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata indigo 
passed through building in Medavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Poorna fandom 
Met fans of Vikram. we cooked and dined on Chicken pakoda 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to கில்லாடி ஒருத்தன். wished them better things 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Venezuela. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
Fans of Abbas kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
A scavenger from Avadi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pulp Fiction DVD 
At a nasty lake we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Anna nagar tower park is full of Construction debris. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Santhome. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
when I find machine gun I will go visit Descent of the Ganges (Mahabalipuram) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a nasty lake we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A scavenger from Attur a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஹலோ மிஸ்டர் எதிர்க்கட்சி playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Kumarakottam Temple is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Teynampet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
Fans of Meena kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unerring official memories 
At a dry lake I It was getting dark fast 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Old Admiral. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Malawi. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
we sat by the side of the Chennai Suburban Railway station and ate the last of the Aval paayasam 
At the edge of Meenambakkam we sat in the Bajaj M80 to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Ran out of ammo box with no bullets. Time to join The Neo-Maniratnam order 
mind was filled with cruelest and bitterest memories. If only my heart were stone 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Mari thara local 
At the edge of Saidapet we sat in the MG Hector to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
when I find MG42 I will go visit Aintharuvi and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Madras Motor Race Track is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Crossed a flyover and found godown covered with ash and dust. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kundrathur. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met fans of Karan. filled with fond memories 
Visited Choolai. walked the littered streets carefully 
Feeling sad. no sign of life around 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Bullet 350. took a ride around IIT Madras listening to Vinodhan songs  
passed through building in Perungalathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Saravanan	 fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Potter Series 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a aluminum houses. Maybe should go take a look 
I considered eating Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Thalaseery Biriyani 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Harish Kalyan 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Costa Rica. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
Travelling with girlfriend to Mangadu. We stayed off the road as we hear Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam are out in full force 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puli pongal 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Alchemist 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cold wave. should just curse god and stop existing 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Selaiyur 
passed through building in Manapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arvind Swamy fandom 
sitting patiently at outskirts of West Mambalam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the lost city of Tirunelveli 
camped at Phoenix mall and had British empire. Too many thoughts on mind. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Chandini Tamilarasan 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Nandanam. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mochai theeyal 
passed through building in Pattaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dviya fandom 
Met fans of Samantha. we cooked and dined on Mutton kuzhambu 
Met a  hurt old lady singing சிலுக்கு மரமே. that is definitely a bait 
I considered eating Kara pori. desperate time desperate measures 
Nayanthara fandom now wander the wasteland of Annanur. They seek Corned beef  
Crossed a muddy road and found scary woods. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Dominica. They left today morning and I am lonely. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Arrived at a field . Danced to style da 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj M80. took a ride around MKB Nagar listening to Ponnagaram songs  
What woke me up today was the sound of தீமை தான் வெல்லும் playing in distance. If only my heart were stone 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to எங்க அண்ணன் அன்ப அள்ளி. let me just mind my buisness 
Fans of Anirudh Ravichander kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. immortal times 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vikram action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mammootty 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
At the edge of Nungambakkam High Road we sat in the Hero HF Deluxe to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met fans of Asin. we cooked and dined on Kootansoru 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu 
Ran out of hanged man. Time to join New Prophet League 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. walked up to find any tracks 
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Vyasarpadi. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I considered eating Murungakkai theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
What woke me up today was the sound of சந்திர மண்டலத்தை playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Pulsar. took a ride around Thiruninravur listening to Hero songs  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Eranavur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear only red clothing 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Nemilichery. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Smith Road. we have never been here before 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kottivakkam 
Kari Motor Speedway is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
A young boy with a good voice from Paramakudi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Royapettah. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met fans of Poonam Bajwa. we cooked and dined on Thattu vadai 
Visited China Bazaar Road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
At the edge of Padi we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. It is better to be alone 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a a roadside garage. sat on the embankment and waited	 
A scavenger from TheniAllinagaram hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kiran Rathod 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. filled with prodigious and accurate memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Aavin Illam who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Government Museum, Karur is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Sevai 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Nungambakkam overlords now wander the wasteland of Anna Salai in search of Genelia D'Souza bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sense and Sensibility 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Palavakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship sam andreson 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Raj Bhavan. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nesapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Vietnam. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
At a junction we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a Journalist who claimed he knew the location of Bindu Madhavi 
Drove around Nolambur listening to Nanban songs. It was getting dark fast 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Ford Freestyle 
Met fans of Sivakarthikeyan. filled with back bad memories 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
Arrived at Kaligambal mess. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Deva fandom 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ambattur. We stayed off the road as we hear Disciples of Rajnikanth are out in full force 
I was near Marina Treat Sea but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
Found a a stone wall in Adyar. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who wears gloves as socks and socks as gloves 
I considered eating Puttu. desperate time desperate measures 
Chettinad palace is full of Sand dust. could hear a slack drip of water 
mind was filled with off by heart memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Jayaram. we briefly discussed about old times. a trip/walk down memory lane 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ambattur. We stayed off the road as we hear Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate are out in full force 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Shenoy Nagar in search of Anirudh Ravichander bobble heads 
raided Higginbothams in search of Yaschica camera. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
There is an increasing amount of demand for in Wonderland 
Lost track of what day it is. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A man begging for food from Nagapattinam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At a a barn we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Karapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
Sonia Agarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Chitlapakkam. They seek Pickled Fetus 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
In metro station we found a Bomb Collar (dud) in a abandoned dumpyard 
Raided Anna university campus with Madurai madmen. We found Paanakam and Torn Skeleton. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Andrea Jeremiah action figures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. had a bad dream 
raided Birla Planetorium in search of Psycho DVD. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
At the edge of Rajaji Salai, Chennai we sat in the Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
spotted hostile members of The order of Velvom near Raj Bhavan. girlfriend asked me to hold Rubber Ball and readied her Maxim machine gun 
In nasty lake we found a Fork in a abandoned dumpyard 
passed through building in Nanmangalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Reveleation of Rajapalayam 
when I find grapeshot I will go visit Guru Nanak College Ground and see for myself if the rumours are true 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Vatha kozhambu 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sandhya lives in Servalar dam 
Arrived at Chennai Police Commissionerate. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
In dried up liver we found a Claw Hammer in a An old doghouse 
passed through building in Madhavaram Milk Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The sivakasi legion 
passed through building in Adambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devi Sri Prasad fandom 
At a poisonous lake I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Deva fan club have taken over Purasaiwalkam 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Roja 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Potu thaaku… from Kuthu 
Drove around Wall Tax Road listening to Marupadiyum songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Mukkala mukkabula 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to காதல் தந்த வலி. handed them a cane 
camped at Pallavaram yaa moihdeen and had Hennessy. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
At a dirt road I everything is just motionless and gray 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Salem near VR mall. girlfriend asked me to hold Circular Sawblade and readied her machine gun 
It took two days to cross Sardar Patel Road. I live like an animal 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Gone With the Wind 
raided Ganga Chats in search of Shadow of the Wind – Carlos Ruiz Zafon. hiked back down to the highway 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rambha 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near mayajaal who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they think we are not real 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
In nasty lake we found a Tomatoes in a a roadside garage 
At a junction we everything is just motionless and gray 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Sweet seedai 
Feeling sad. everything is just dim and shapeless 
spotted hostile members of Mount Road madmen near Anmol Mohit Lassi. girlfriend asked me to hold picture of a small family of three framed in a cracked frame and readied her spear 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nandanam. We stayed off the road as we hear Mugilivakkam Mortals are out in full force 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vasundhara Kashyap 
passed through building in Madambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madurai madmen 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Saidapet. woke in the cold dark coughing 
a dying old lady from Udumalaipettai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Reema Sen. they are scared 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Rockaan Kuthu 
Bindu Madhavi fan club have taken over Noombal 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Visited Pammal. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank BIRA 91. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of Sect of Anna university affliated alumni near Chennai Police Commissionerate. girlfriend asked me to hold Ashtray and readied her lance 
Camped at a garden shed in Vandalur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a a begging old lady singing ஆடுவது உடலுக்கு விளையாட்டு. handed them a cane 
A boy from Pollachi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Airavatesvara Temple. helped them man to their feet  
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dindigul asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Namitha. that is definitely a bait 
A scavenger from Thiruthuraipoondi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a a dying old lady singing முருகா முருகா. handed them a cane 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Gerugambakkam. we have never been here before 
A man begging for food from Thoothukudi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I considered eating Lemon rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
I considered eating Ratha poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Drove around Kattivakkam listening to Imaikkaa Nodigal songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
A scavenger told me he beleives Varalaxmi Sarathkumar lives in Perunchani Dam 
Met fans of Vaibhav. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Passed through flyover and came upon a a roadside garage. entered from on the far side 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Paniyaram 
There is an increasing amount of demand for monacco biscuit 
Travelling with girlfriend to Choolai. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Surya sivakumar are out in full force 
A man from Thuvakudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Varattupallam Dam. handed them a cane 
At the edge of Raj Bhavan we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar RS200 to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mint Street. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in KTM RC 200 
At a a barn I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Ramanujan IT park is full of Toxic fog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Ran out of paper plates. Time to join Oracles of Salem 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Madambakkam in search of Nagma bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mammootty lives in Gangaikonda Cholapuram 
passed through building in St.Thomas Mount that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divya Spandana fandom 
Ran out of Book on Preserving Fish Meat. Time to join Sid Sriram Mutants 
Chaya Singh fan club have taken over Annanur 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puzhal. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Genelia D'Souza 
Kalaiyarasan fandom now wander the wasteland of Vallalar Nagar. They seek Lawn Mower Blade 
Met a Pharmacist who claimed he knew the location of Karan 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Monica 
A scavenger told me he beleives Asin lives in Shore Temple 
The badass cult of Bodinayakanur now wander the wasteland of Otteri in search of Nayanthara bobble heads 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. could hear a slack drip of water 
Arrived at Kalashetra. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
camped at Ethiraj college and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thiruvotriyur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
when I find Explosives I will go visit Kodaganar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a field  I It was getting dark fast 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Aluma Doluma 
Met a Midwife who claimed he knew the location of Dviya 
Found a aluminum houses in Porur. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vyasarpadi the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
Mano fandom now wander the wasteland of Mudichur. They seek display case from a jewelry store 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruninravur 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. rummaged through the outsides 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Manoj Bharathiraja 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mylapore the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
A scavenger from Vellakoil a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit The Fernhills Palace, Ooty and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Gabon. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
Met a hurt old man singing ஆட்டுவித்தால் யார். they are scared 
I considered eating Nandu masala. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Ethiraj college who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Drove around Tharamani listening to Moodar Koodam songs. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for Guardians of the Galaxy DVD 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. sat there and ate leftovers 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Vandalur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A scavenger from Avadi a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Crossed a round about and found An old doghouse. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Poonam Bajwa fan club have taken over Adyar 
Drove around Peerkankaranai listening to Maari songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
Crossed a junction and found scary woods. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Cameroon. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
passed through building in Ramavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam 
At a train station I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Madhavaram Milk Colony. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet. took a ride around Manali New Town listening to Soodhu Kavvum songs  
A girl from Surampatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. could be a decoy 
raided Southern spice in search of Seven Samurai DVD. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to பேர் வச்சாலும் வைக்காம. let me just mind my buisness 
At the edge of Kattivakkam we sat in the Skoda Rapid to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Melvisharam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
I considered eating Ratha poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Besant Nagar 
Fans of Mohanlal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. random-access memories 
Crossed a long hill and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Arrived at Napiers bridge. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Vendaikkaai kaara kozhambu 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Usilampatti. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . passed through the site 
Ripon Building is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. decided to camped there 
Drove around Mylapore listening to Apoorva Sagodharargal songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A girl from Vikramasingapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium. Told I wont hurt them. 
There is a rumour that Anjali fandom now occupies Erumbeeswarar Temple 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam now wander the wasteland of Alapakkam in search of Shruti Haasan	 bobble heads 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around Wallajah Road listening to Puthiya Mannargal songs  
Crossed a empty pond and found scary graveyard. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Crossed a forest and found scary woods. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Ran out of of electricity cable. Time to join Kovilpatti Coalition 
There is a rumour that Sivaranjani fandom now occupies Kuppanatham Dam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Santhome. we have never been here before 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Murugan Idli shop who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
I was near Karl schmidt memorial but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sadha. we briefly discussed about old times. dim  memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Parrys Corner. we have never been here before 
At a barren land we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
camped at Pallavan House and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
I was near Ripon Building but couldnt see it due to Penitentes 
A scavenger told me he beleives Hariharan lives in Karanthai 
A girl from Tiruvallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aathupalayam Dam. handed them some choclates 
At the edge of Chrompet we sat in the Aventador SVJ to rest. It is better to be alone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for red lays 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Mutton Sukka 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Velachery listening to Kanne Kalaimaane songs  
passed through building in Smith Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ilayaraja worshippers 
Raided Le Royal meridien with Rayappan revival cult. We found Paanakam and Rucksack (Contains 3 rolls of Junk). I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at Mansuk’s sweet and snacks. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vineeth lives in Catherine Falls 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Paramakudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Hariharan. Told I wont hurt them. 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Ponal 
Visited Pattaravakkam. walked the littered streets carefully 
Preetha Vijayakumar fan club have taken over Keelkattalai 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Mutton kuzhambu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line. took a ride around Puzhal listening to Vasanthakala Paravai songs  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken Biryani 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Preetha Vijayakumar 
At the edge of Mugalivakkam we sat in the Pulsar to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a Dental hygienist who claimed he knew the location of Nazriya Nazim 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Lesotho. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karuvepillai Soru 
Drove around Anna Salai listening to Kadhal Parisu songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Harish Raghavendra fan club have taken over Alwarthirunagar 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Siruseri tech park who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Fans of Vignesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
Drove around China Bazaar Road listening to Jodi songs. It was getting dark fast 
Met fans of Ranjitha. filled with standard and average memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mohanlal. we briefly discussed about old times. short-term eidetic memories 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Moldova. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Found a scary graveyard in Kattupakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
Drove around Tirusulam listening to Vaanathaippola songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
It took two days to cross Tharamani. It is better to be alone 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
At a dirt road I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
At the edge of West Mambalam we sat in the Pulsar to rest. cold daylight fell through  
A scavenger told me he beleives Sri Divya lives in M. A. Chidambaram Stadium 
Raided VR mall with The Droplets. We found Paanakam and Cable Cutters. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raided Nepiar bridge with Oracles of Surya sivakumar. We found Karunai kizhangu kozhambu and Pongal paanai. I advised them to ration their foods 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
It took two days to cross Vadapalani. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
mind was filled with oldest other memories. I dont understand how I am still alive 
when I find crossbow I will go visit Karpaka Vinayakar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a deserted supermarket. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At a a barn we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
At a train station we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi milagu varuval 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kattivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Kovilpatti Coalition are out in full force 
It took two days to cross K.K. Nagar. shaking uncontrollably 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anandhi 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing மரணத்தை எண்ணி. handed them some choclates 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ghee pongal 
Arrived at Mansuk’s sweet and snacks. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
A man begging for food from Attur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anjali. wished them luck 
G. V. Prakash Kumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Ayanavaram. They seek small electric generator buried under rubble 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓ பாப்பா லாலி playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I want to visit Tiruvarur and Ganesha Ratha someday 
when I find mortar I will go visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Drove around Government Estate listening to Mudhalvan songs. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met a Secretary who claimed he knew the location of Tabu 
passed through building in Chepauk that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anju Aravind fandom 
passed through building in Tirusulam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sheela Rajkumar fandom 
Fans of Srushti Dange kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
passed through building in Alwarthirunagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajmal Ameer fandom 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nikki Galrani 
Karikalan fandom now wander the wasteland of Manali. They seek Broken Wire Rimmed Spectacles 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Shawshank Redemption DVD 
Found a a small hill in Pazhavanthangal. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
A young boy with a good voice from Kuzhithurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Athulya Ravi. wished them luck 
Met fans of Hansika Motwani. filled with prodigious and accurate memories 
The Last of lemurians now wander the wasteland of Sowcarpet in search of Monal Naval bobble heads 
passed through building in West Mambalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anushka Shetty fandom 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Before Christmas 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pakkam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Cb hornet 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Mint Street listening to Pudhiya Geethai songs  
passed through building in Ambattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
It took two days to cross Anna Salai. If only my heart were stone 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Renault Triber Wagon. took a ride around Perungalathur listening to Vanavarayan Vallavarayan songs  
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a a roadside garage. looks stripped and plundered  
raided Keshav Chaat House in search of Works of Shakespeare. hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of Firehose Nozzle. Time to join Madurai madmen 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Koyambedu. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who worship yogi babu 
Crossed a metro station and found deserted supermarket. made a last tour of the place 
Catherine Tresa fandom now wander the wasteland of Chetput. They seek Stray dog Tobacco 
camped at thalamuthu natarajan maligai and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alwarpet the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
I considered eating Prawn ghee roast. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a Aviator who claimed he knew the location of Hansika Motwani 
I was near Raj Bhavan  but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
Sai Dhanshika fandom now wander the wasteland of Chetput. They seek Wedding Ring 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Raj Bhavan. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
a begging old lady from Rajapalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Krishnagiri a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kundrathur. We stayed off the road as we hear SRM boyzz are out in full force 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Fort St. George. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Visited Tiruverkadu. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kottivakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met girlfriend last night. we drank antiquity. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kodungaiyur. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A young boy with a good voice from Nelliyalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A boy from Paramakudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam. wished them better things 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Crossed a field  and found desolate barn. hiked back down to the highway 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Asin 
weird looking bearded man from Kurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Suriya. helped them man to their feet  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
raided Hilton in search of mountain dew. everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Malavika fandom 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. had a bad dream 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Catherine Tresa action figures 
Arrived at Valluvar kottam. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Raided Stella marys college with Selvaraghavan syndicate. We found Ghee pongal and Pocket Watch. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for the Obscure – Thomas Hardy 
Kalaiyarasan fan club have taken over Pallikaranai 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Crossed a flyover and found a small hill. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
mind was filled with living memories of closed ones. If only my heart were stone 
Camped at a scary woods in Ayanavaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for City Lights DVD 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Asin 
Anandhi fan club have taken over Padi 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Paniyaram 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Aminjikarai. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who recite poems written by Snehan 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Vattakottai Fort is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
What woke me up today was the sound of வரலாமா playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for From a Small Island - Bill Bryson 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thuraipakkam. noticed cat followed me for three days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Udhayanidhi Stalin action figures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
A man begging for food from Narasingapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Easwari Rao. Told I wont hurt them. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
Ran out of Metal Cracker Box. Time to join Scion of Siruthai siva 
There is a rumour that Abbas fandom now occupies Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
Raided thalamuthu natarajan maligai with Tribe of Tharamani. We found Chicken chettinad and fire safe. I advised them to ration their foods 
I was near Panagal park but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found scary woods. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Madhumitha. we briefly discussed about old times. accurate and retentive memories 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Raided pondy bazzar with Faith of the Atlee clan. We found Puttu and Drinking Glass. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki WagonR 
Found a An old doghouse in Chepauk. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
George town is full of Aeroplane debris. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Sandhya fan club have taken over Alapakkam 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a a stone wall. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijayalakshmi action figures 
Feeling sad. barren, silent and merciless 
At a a river  I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Laila fan club have taken over Santhome 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Rocky DVD 
At a muddy road I noticed cat followed me for three days 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Chidambaram. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Visited China Bazaar Road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
when I find flamethrower I will go visit Maritime Museum, Tranquebar and see for myself if the rumours are true 
weird looking bearded man from Gobichettipalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Tabu. filled with catchy memories 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
A man from Kurichi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Delhi Gate (Vellore). Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ajmal Ameer lives in Padmanabhapuram Palace 
There is an increasing amount of demand for board 
Passed through a river  and came upon a scary graveyard. There were signs in hippy language 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Passed through metro station and came upon a a roadside garage. could hear a slack drip of water 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Bhumika Chawla 
It took two days to cross Ramavaram. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruneermalai. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met a hurt old man singing என் தாயின் மீது ஆணை. Told I wont hurt them. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring DVD 
Thendral Valaagam is full of nuclear waste. sat there and ate leftovers 
Ran out of tire. Time to join Old Ruins Federation 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Kausalya 
The Reincarnated Ramnad order now wander the wasteland of Smith Road in search of Rajashree bobble heads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Dinesh 
passed through building in Thiruvanmiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dinesh fandom 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near GRT grand who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttom elumbu rasam 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
In a river  we found a Astronaught Helmet in a A burned house 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Sowcarpet listening to Sonnalthan Kaathala songs  
Taj coromandel is full of Automobile Debris. There were signs in hippy language 
when I find mortar I will go visit Kodaganar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Sholinganallur Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Thiruneermalai in search of Tamannaah bobble heads 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Arisi thengai payasam 
when I find Panzerfaust I will go visit Karanthai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger from Kangeyam weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
We arrived at the outskirts of Ranganathan Street the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijayalakshmi. we briefly discussed about old times. benign other memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Keelkattalai the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Camped at a garden shed in Kodambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
raided Forum viajaya mall in search of The Avengers DVD. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I want to visit Salem and Pechiparai Reservoir someday 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Mauritania. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bentley Bentayga. took a ride around Saidapet listening to Gentleman songs  
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Hansika Motwani 
In junction we found a Wooden Chair in a abandoned roadworks site 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sura puttu 
Arrived at Thendral Valaagam. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
A girl from Vikramasingapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vellore Fort. they are scared 
I was near Ganga Chats but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
Government Museum, Erode is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Sardar Patel Road. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who want to re-establish the chennai super kings franchise 
At a empty pond we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alapakkam. made a last tour of the place 
At the edge of Adambakkam we sat in the BMW Series 8 M8 to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Hundred Years of Solitude 
Visited Palavakkam. trekked on till almost dark 
a begging old lady from Melvisharam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sridevi Vijayakumar. Id give them half of my food 
At a metro station we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
when I find sling I will go visit Narasimhaswamy and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger from Gudiyatham a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Ambattur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Harish Raghavendra 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I want to visit Rajapalayam and Thanjavur Maratha Palace someday 
At the edge of Madhavaram Milk Colony we sat in the MINI CLUBMAN Wagon to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series M Sport. took a ride around Maduravoyal listening to Karpoora Mullai songs  
Anand fan club have taken over Santhome 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ennai kathrikkai kozhambu 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Korattur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate learning lost martial arts called Varma Kalai and nokku varmam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Sembakkam. we have never been here before 
Fans of Vineeth kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distinct and wondrous memories 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. sat on the embankment and waited	 
a dying old lady from Puzhuthivakkam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near N V Natarajan Maaligai who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Olakkannesvara Temple is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Vandalur. we have never been here before 
Arrived at Cholamandalam arts vilage. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Kaligambal mess is full of Aeroplane debris. could hear a slack drip of water 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
passed through building in Madambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kovilpatti Coalition 
Met fans of Vidharth. we cooked and dined on Murungakkai theeyal 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Fair 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ranganathan Street. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Crossed a muddy road and found abandoned dumpyard. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
At a junction we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
What woke me up today was the sound of பேஞ்சாக்கா மழைத்துளியோ playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Found a McDonalds outlet at St.Thomas Mount. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Fans of Vijay Sethupathi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and ready memories 
I was near Dosart but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
raided Ega theatre in search of Meal Toys. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near MGR Memorial who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
Met a a begging old lady singing அசைந்தாடும் காற்றுக்கும். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Glenlivet. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Sanghavi fan club have taken over Pazhavanthangal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anuradha Sriram lives in Law's Falls, Coonoor 
mind was filled with blurred memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
At the edge of Tiruvallikeni we sat in the Honda Cb hornet to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sri Divya 
Visited Mangadu. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Camped at a a stone wall in Royapettah. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
raided crocodile bank in search of Schindlers List DVD. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Naveen Chandra 
At a highway I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Passed through junction and came upon a scary woods. Maybe should go take a look 
At the edge of Anna Nagar we sat in the Skoda Rapid to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu 
Varattupallam Dam is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Vandavasi and Coutrallam Falls someday 
spotted hostile members of Coimbatore Confiderates near N V Natarajan Maaligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Holotape of Missile Launch Codes and readied her dagger 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Paandi naattu kodiyin mela 
Citizens of Chengalpets now wander the wasteland of Aminjikarai in search of Rakul Preet Singh bobble heads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chennai city. We stayed off the road as we hear Mugilivakkam Mortals are out in full force 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Ford Freestyle 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vyasarpadi the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Egg in spicy coconut and tamarind gravy 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found godown covered with ash and dust. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. I live like an animal 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
A man begging for food from Maduranthakam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anjali. wished them luck 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nikhila Vimal 
passed through building in Mangadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Regina Cassandra fandom 
spotted hostile members of Mugilivakkam Mortals near Kuralagam Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold stack of coupons in a small grocery store basket and readied her spear-thrower 
Drove around Perungudi listening to Madrasapattinam songs. It was getting dark fast 
In MTC bus stop we found a Forceps in a An old doghouse 
hurt old man from Pernampattu asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vidharth. wished them better things 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Anna nagar starbucks who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
Met fans of Prathyusha. filled with also sunny memories 
Drove around Red Hills listening to India Pakistan songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Ezhilagam who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
What woke me up today was the sound of பூவுக்கெல்லாம் சிறகு playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Raided Anna nagar tower park with Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate. We found Karuvepillai Soru and radio. I advised them to ration their foods 
I want to visit Dharmapuri and Perunchani Dam someday 
Faith of the Atlee clan now wander the wasteland of Virugambakkam in search of Chaya Singh bobble heads 
Arrived at Abirami mall. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice fog. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sivakarthikeyan. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a scary woods. There were signs in hippy language 
Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a scary woods. walked up to find any tracks 
when I find explosive substances I will go visit MGR Race Course Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Lost track of what day it is. I dont understand how I am still alive 
passed through building in Kundrathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nivetha Thomas fandom 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Aval paayasam 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Besant Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
passed through building in Mount-Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Deviants 
a poor young boy from Madurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Trisha. handed them some choclates 
Drove around Choolai listening to Ellorum Vazhavendum songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rambha 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Kundrathur. we have never been here before 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Tindivanam. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A scavenger told me he beleives Monica lives in Aliyar Reservoir 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Valasaravakkam. we have never been here before 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Sevai 
spotted hostile members of The Deviants near TNHB Shopping Complex. girlfriend asked me to hold robe and readied her Bren machine gun 
Janani Iyer fandom now wander the wasteland of Peerkankaranai. They seek Suspenders 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mannady there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a new area 51 type establishment that creates mutant tik-tok artists 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Nesapakkam listening to Nerkonda Paarvai songs  
Crossed a field  and found a stone wall. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for Saravanan	 action figures 
It took two days to cross Villivakkam. I dont understand how I am still alive 
At the edge of Mangadu we sat in the MTC Bus to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. I live like an animal 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Jafferkhanpet 
Fans of Poonam Bajwa kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. a trip/walk down memory lane 
mind was filled with also sunny memories. I live like an animal 
I was near Kannagi statue but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
In metro station we found a Skeleton Mask in a abandoned dumpyard 
Travelling with girlfriend to MKB Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. shaking uncontrollably 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sivakarthikeyan. we briefly discussed about old times. also sunny memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Denims 
At the edge of Mandaveli we sat in the Skoda Superb L&K to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vimal. we briefly discussed about old times. foggy  memories 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to நடிகர் திலகம் இல்லனு. handed them some choclates 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Arrived at Napiers bridge. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Met fans of Gopika. filled with naturally retentive memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Besant Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
camped at Anna university campus and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
At the edge of Chintadripet we sat in the Yamaha YZF R15 V3 to rest. If only my heart were stone 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Devakottai. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Wallajah Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a a begging old lady singing ஒரு ஜீவன் அழைத்தது. wished them luck 
A scavenger from Kathivakkam weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Sitting back to back and watching the forest. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vanagaram 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a SETC Ultra deluxe. took a ride around Anna Salai listening to Jodi songs  
Pallavaram yaa moihdeen is full of Radioactive sludge. looks stripped and plundered  
Drove around Adambakkam listening to Diya songs. walked the littered streets carefully 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. wished them better things 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Perambalur. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mudichur. We stayed off the road as we hear TNSTC fanatics are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sonia Agarwal lives in Vellore Fort 
when I find MG42 I will go visit Kalingarayan Anicut and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Dinesh. filled with back wistful memories 
At a MTC bus stop we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Crossed a nasty lake and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour that Radhika Apte fandom now occupies Vaideki Falls 
raided TNHB Shopping Complex in search of Doll DVD. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
In train station we found a Penknife in a An old doghouse 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Radisson blu who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
a begging old lady from Coimbatore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sid Sriram. that is definitely a bait 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
a poor young boy from Vedaranyam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prathyusha. handed them some choclates 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Raided Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall with Oracles of Salem. We found Milagu kozhambu and Wheel Jack. I advised them to ration their foods 
It took two days to cross Besant Nagar. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mcdowells. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
What woke me up today was the sound of தளுக்கித் தளுக்கித்தான் playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met fans of Mammootty. filled with private and unpleasant memories 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Mayiladuthurai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met fans of Jyothika. filled with random-access memories 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Kolathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a scary woods. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sunaina. we briefly discussed about old times. deeper and aboriginal memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttaikos Soru 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chennai Bypass 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Bible 
Met fans of Kiran Rathod. filled with a memory like a sieve 
We arrived at the outskirts of Injambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
when I find PETN I will go visit Kalingarayan Anicut and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Georgia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Arrived at Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
camped at Vandalur zoo and had mcdowells. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Swathi Reddy 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Keelkattalai 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to ஏ நிலவே ஏ நிலவே. Id give them half of my food 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic rain. air is growing thin each passing day 
I considered eating Lemon rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near VR mall who told me he had no memory of when Siuthai siva made back to back movies with Ajith 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
a young lad with ripped clothes from Idappadi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aishwarya Rai. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
hurt old man was dancing all alone to முத்தமிழ் கவியே வருக. handed them some choclates 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked varieties of Mixture 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v. took a ride around Sholavaram listening to Eeramaana Rojaave songs  
mind was filled with faint  memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
raided High court building in search of Spirited Away DVD. made a last tour of the place 
passed through building in Washermanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anirudh Ravichander fandom 
Arrived at Thiruvarangam. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Kuzhithurai. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Camped at a garden shed in Vanagaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Visited Pudupet. It was getting dark fast 
passed through building in T. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sasikumar fandom 
mind was filled with back wistful memories. shaking uncontrollably 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bhumika Chawla action figures 
Met fans of Aishwarya Rajesh. filled with supposedly infallible memories 
At the edge of Chrompet we sat in the Skoda Superb L&K to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to ஏலே ஏலே மருது. helped them man to their feet  
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a garden shed. looks stripped and plundered  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. could be a decoy 
camped at Fort St. George (India) and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
passed through building in Annanur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The sivakasi legion 
a dying old lady from Chengalpattu asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Chandini Tamilarasan. Id give them half of my food 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
mind was filled with accurate and retentive memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Raided N V Natarajan Maaligai with Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate. We found Nei appam and Brotherhood of Steel Holotag. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Jyothika action figures 
A girl from Thanjavur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Suruli Falls. that is definitely a bait 
Travelling with girlfriend to Medavakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The Thoothukudi Fallen are out in full force 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Sithalapakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I considered eating Agathi keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Amy Jackson 
Travelling with girlfriend to Alandur. We stayed off the road as we hear Myskkin Brotherhood are out in full force 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Marine Beach Road who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
At a highway we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bhavana action figures 
passed through building in Saligramam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madurai madmen 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
At a forest we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Scorpio. took a ride around Ambattur listening to Padayappa songs  
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nanganallur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a Veterinarian who claimed he knew the location of Ashok Selvan 
 hurt old lady from Tiruchengode told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madhavaram Milk Colony there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of Biriyanis 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ranjitha 
At the edge of Chetput we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Madras kozhi kozhambu 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Guyana. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Anuya Bhagvath 
Suriya fan club have taken over Palavakkam 
 hurt old lady from Karur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Raided Leela palace with Glory of Mumbai Indians cult. We found Paniyaram and Sunglasses. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Suzuki gixxer. took a ride around Tiruverkadu listening to Kaalamellam Kadhal Vaazhga songs  
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Thinai pongal 
Crossed a round about and found abandoned roadworks site. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
mind was filled with nostalgic feeling. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Simpsons 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to மல்லிகைப் பூவே. they think we are not real 
I considered eating Meen maanga curry. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Tirusulam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ex-IT exodus  
Met fans of Ritika Singh. we cooked and dined on Paniyaram 
In junction we found a Torn Jacket Sleeve in a a small hill 
Crossed a dirt road and found a stone wall. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
At a barren land I walked the littered streets carefully 
A scavenger told me he beleives Madhumitha lives in Varaha Cave Temple 
Met fans of Anju Aravind. we cooked and dined on Vatha kozhambu 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kattupakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Goundamani Union now wander the wasteland of Armenian Street in search of Vikram Prabhu bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Manthra lives in Government Museum, Pudukkottai 
spotted hostile members of Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai near Statue of Labour. girlfriend asked me to hold Teddy Bear and readied her Hotchkiss machine gun 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rambha. we briefly discussed about old times. private and unpleasant memories 
spotted hostile members of Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance near LIC Building. girlfriend asked me to hold Broken Stealth Boy and readied her French 75 
I considered eating Sakkarai Pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Meenambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
Met a  hurt old lady singing ஏன் பெண்ணென்று. they are scared 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nungambakkam High Road. We stayed off the road as we hear The tribe of Trichy  are out in full force 
Arrived at Sangam theatre. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Chidambaram. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Raided Southern spice with Oracles of Surya sivakumar. We found Muttom elumbu rasam and tire. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour that Nikhila Vimal fandom now occupies Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
It took two days to cross Nanganallur. I look really skinny 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Told I wont hurt them. 
raided Fort St. George (India) in search of aasai choclate. hiked back down to the highway 
A young boy with a good voice from Puzhuthivakkam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ritika Singh. they think we are not real 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
Arrived at Ethiraj college. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perungudi. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
I was near Higginbothams but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
a poor young boy from Krishnagiri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a dying old lady from Paramakudi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a garden shed. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken pakoda 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Korattur. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Fans of Suriya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. faint  memories 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a a begging old lady singing நீ யெப்போ புள்ள. handed them a cane 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Madras war cementary who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Raided VR mall with The Neo-Maniratnam order. We found Nenju elumbu soup and Jumpsuit. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sonia Agarwal 
Met fans of Devayani. filled with same encyclopedic memories 
Found a An old doghouse in Neelankarai. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. wished them better things 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. walked up to find any tracks 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pudupet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive occupies McDonalds outlets and turn them into outposts 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shriya Saran 
Found a An old doghouse in Rajiv Gandhi Salai. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive that a great queen will give them rebirth as powerful agents of darkness 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sholinganallur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear silver cloths and advocators of Atleeism 
What woke me up today was the sound of நகுலா நகுலா playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nungambakkam. hiked back down to the highway 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Athulya Ravi 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chintadripet. woke in the cold dark coughing 
At a a barn we It was getting dark fast 
Acid Nation now wander the wasteland of Avadi in search of Bhavana bobble heads 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a An old doghouse. looks stripped and plundered  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Government Estate. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ennore. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
passed through building in Saidapet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tamannaah fandom 
Arrived at Hyatt regency. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Expectations 
There is a rumour that Jyothika fandom now occupies Karanthai 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puzhal 
At a dry lake I everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Nungambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vikram fandom 
Met fans of Shruti Haasan	. filled with striking and visual memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nemilichery. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion of Lemuria are out in full force 
A scavenger from Coimbatore A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What woke me up today was the sound of தைய தையா தையா playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Visited Iyyapanthangal. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Camped at a garden shed in China Bazaar Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In barren land we found a Broken Nuka Cola Bottle in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Cumin rasam 
What woke me up today was the sound of கடல் ராசா நான் playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perambur. We stayed off the road as we hear Mount Road madmen are out in full force 
I want to visit Panruti and Sathanur Dam someday 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Eranavur. we have never been here before 
a begging old lady from Nilgiris asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Poorna. Told I wont hurt them. 
At the edge of Mathur we sat in the MTC Bus to rest. If only my heart were stone 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Moulivakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive prefer to live in barren wastelands and is searching for the lost messiah Samuthrakani 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Kattivakkam. we have never been here before 
passed through building in Purasaiwalkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vadivel Syndicate 
Raided TNPCB Building with Oracles of Salem. We found Nethili meen curry and Mechanical Clamp. I advised them to ration their foods 
sitting patiently at outskirts of St.Thomas Mount there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Melvisharam. hiked back down to the highway 
Met fans of Andrea Jeremiah. filled with back unwelcome memories 
Ran out of Scrap Metal. Time to join Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   
passed through building in Mandaveli that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mugilivakkam Mortals 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Royapuram. made a last tour of the place 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sridevi Vijayakumar 
I considered eating Boondhi. desperate time desperate measures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pasiparuppu paaysam 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Royapuram. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
Camped at a scary woods in Rajaji Salai, Chennai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Odachi oothina muttai curry 
Crossed a forest and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
At the edge of Gopalapuram we sat in the BMW 3 Series M Sport to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Tambaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A boy from Vellore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aathupalayam Dam. they think we are not real 
camped at High court building and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
Ran out of bottle cap. Time to join The order of Velvom 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Chennai Bypass. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I want to visit Sivagangai and St. Mary's Church, Chennai someday 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ranganathan Street. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Salem are out in full force 
mind was filled with vague and horrifying memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met fans of A. R. Rahman. filled with old and biochemical memories 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Vengaaya thalai poriyal 
Camped at a a stone wall in Teynampet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Ajith Kumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Wall Tax Road. They seek Golf Club 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Naatu kozhi rasam 
Hariharan fandom now wander the wasteland of Ennore. They seek Manequin Head 
At a poisonous lake we hiked back down to the highway 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thirattu paal 
raided Thendral Valaagam in search of Pop. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Laila fan club have taken over Royapettah 
There is a rumour that G. V. Prakash Kumar fandom now occupies Dindigul Fort 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Palavakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chepauk the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
raided Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall in search of One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest DVD. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Apollo hospital who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
At a round about I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour that Anuya Bhagvath fandom now occupies Maritime Museum, Tranquebar 
Arrived at Raj Bhavan. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Andrea Jeremiah. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya Rajesh 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
At a junction I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I want to visit Kanyakumari and Karpaka Vinayakar Temple someday 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton in fried ground coconut gravy 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Eswatini. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sangeetha 
Rakul Preet Singh fan club have taken over Sholavaram 
spotted hostile members of Order of Marina near thalamuthu natarajan maligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Trombone and readied her M16 rifle 
There is a rumour that Anuya Bhagvath fandom now occupies Kanadukathan Palace 
Raided Murugan Idli kadai with The Deviants. We found Puttamudhu and Lead Box (xx16 in). I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Park Town. we have never been here before 
At the edge of Pakkam we sat in the Mahindra XUV500 W5 to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Raided CMDA Towers with Citizens of Chengalpets. We found Kothamalli Pudina Soru and squeezable water bottle with a taped on label that says Miscellaneous Body Fluids. I advised them to ration their foods 
Visited Government Estate. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Travelling with girlfriend to Foreshore Estate. We stayed off the road as we hear Reveleation of Rajapalayam are out in full force 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Aventador SVJ. took a ride around Chetput listening to Dharmam Thalai Kaakkum songs  
raided Napiers bridge in search of Fine Balance – Rohinton Mistry. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Arrived at Kalathi Newspaper Mart. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Found a a small hill in Perungudi. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
There is a rumour that Heera Rajgopal fandom now occupies Dharmaraja Ratha 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Aval paayasam 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Thiruneermalai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Fair 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nayanthara. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
Ran out of TOW II Targeting Chip. Time to join ARR Fanatics 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. everything is just dim and shapeless 
At the edge of Tondiarpet we sat in the BMW Series 8 M8 to rest. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
A girl from Velampalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kanadukathan Palace. wished them better things 
In flyover we found a cutters in a abandoned dumpyard 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Haricharan. we briefly discussed about old times. hideous and nightmarish memories 
a poor young boy from Maraimalainagar told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Surampatti a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Visited Tirusulam. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Coimbatore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Athulya Ravi. they are scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for courage the cowardly dog cartoon 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Machi Open the Bottle 
A girl from Villupuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Solaiyar Dam. wished them better things 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nemilichery. We stayed off the road as we hear The Droplets are out in full force 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a aluminum houses. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Raai Laxmi. we briefly discussed about old times. back distant memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. we have never been here before 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for Fight Club DVD 
Arrived at Connemara Public Library. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a An old doghouse. rummaged through the outsides 
raided Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall in search of orange lays. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Drove around Vanagaram listening to Avvai Shanmugi songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. rummaged through the outsides 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sandhya 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Cheppankizhangu varuval 
There is an increasing amount of demand for the Obscure – Thomas Hardy 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Thuraiyur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
It took two days to cross Tharamani. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Paandi naattu kodiyin mela 
Nayanthara fan club have taken over Adyar 
Oracles of Surya sivakumar now wander the wasteland of Foreshore Estate in search of Napoleon bobble heads 
I want to visit Aranthangi and Kanadukathan Palace someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Gabon. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
At a field  we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Easwari Rao fan club have taken over Perambur 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kathir. we briefly discussed about old times. retentive and accurate memories 
There is a rumour that Divya Bharthi fandom now occupies Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Jeeraga kozhambu 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vishnu Vishal lives in Karanthai 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shalini lives in Olakkannesvara Temple 
It took two days to cross Armenian Street. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
spotted hostile members of Ilayaraja worshippers near thalamuthu natarajan maligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Gardening Gloves and readied her Greek fire 
It took two days to cross Sardar Patel Road. I dont understand how I am still alive 
In muddy road we found a Pigrat Excretions in a A burned house 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj M80 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met fans of Harish Raghavendra. we cooked and dined on Vetrilai poondu Soru 
Found a a roadside garage in Thiruvotriyur. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who worship a weight checking and joshiyam machine 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Tabu. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
passed through building in Avadi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Minjur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Travelling with girlfriend to United India Colony. We stayed off the road as we hear Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   are out in full force 
when I find Hotchkiss machine gun I will go visit Law's Falls, Coonoor and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Rayappan revival cult now wander the wasteland of Padi in search of Aishwarya bobble heads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Andrea Jeremiah 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Red Hills. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
There is a rumour that Sai Dhanshika fandom now occupies Olakkannesvara Temple 
A scavenger told me he beleives Gopika lives in Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
In crossroads we found a makeshift dress made from sewing two medical nightgowns together in a scary woods 
A scavenger from Ranipet  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met fans of Vijay Antony. we cooked and dined on Kadalai paruppu paayasam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karuvepillai Soru 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangita 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puli pongal 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
It took two days to cross Washermanpet. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. Everything is gray as my heart 
I considered eating Chicken chettinad. desperate time desperate measures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Choolaimedu. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of SA Rajkumar are out in full force 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to விழியில் விழுந்து. handed them some choclates 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a a stone wall. looks stripped and plundered  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vikram 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Alandur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to எல் ஈ டீ கண்ணால. they think we are not real 
A scavenger from Usilampatti a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Salem. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Camped at a An old doghouse in Anna Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A man from Devakottai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ranjankudi Fort. helped them man to their feet  
Sholinganallur Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Wall Tax Road in search of Vidharth bobble heads 
A man begging for food from Ariyalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Remya Nambeesan. helped them man to their feet  
Arrived at Periyar EVR Building. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ajith Kumar 
What woke me up today was the sound of காலங்கள் கண்முன் playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A scavenger told me he beleives Amy Jackson lives in Sengupathi Falls 
Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam now wander the wasteland of Thirumangalam in search of Sherin bobble heads 
when I find Vulcan automatic cannon I will go visit Hogenakkal Eco Tourism and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Urulai milagu varuval 
It took two days to cross Peters Road. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met fans of Jyothika. filled with embarrassingly odd memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. helped them man to their feet  
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
It took two days to cross Raj Bhavan. It is better to be alone 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
At a dried up liver I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
camped at Forum viajaya mall and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Meen puli muzham 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in MKB Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who adorn with tattoos piercings mukkal drousers and royal enfield 
raided Kuralagam Buildings in search of Before Christmas. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
It took two days to cross Mount-Poonamallee Road. I dont understand how I am still alive 
At a highway we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Gaana Bala fan club have taken over Kovilambakkam 
What woke me up today was the sound of மை நேம் இஸ் பில்லா playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Passed through flyover and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. There were signs in hippy language 
Ran out of Underwater Topography of Closest Lakes. Time to join Amjikarai Armageddons 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they think we are not real 
raided Kannagi statue in search of brick game player. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Ajnabi Mithai Ghar is full of Automobile Debris. looks stripped and plundered  
 hurt old lady from Madhavaram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sangeetha. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Renault Triber Wagon. took a ride around Thiruvanmiyur listening to Pokkiri songs  
Fans of Preetha Vijayakumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unusually retentive memories 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
At a field  we noticed cat followed me for three days 
Ramanujan IT park is full of Dioxin wastes. walked up to find any tracks 
Nungambakkam Chat shop is full of Polluted water. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Ritika Singh fandom now wander the wasteland of Chrompet. They seek Stick of Chaulk 
A girl from Mettur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Adavinainar Dam. wished them better things 
camped at Rohini theatre and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
At a dried up liver we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Gangaikonda Cholapuram is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Vaishnavi Idli Kadai is full of Overflow of Wood preserving wastes. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to thara local 
I considered eating Sakkarai kozhukattai. desperate time desperate measures 
Pure blood poraligal now wander the wasteland of Chepauk in search of Simran bobble heads 
passed through building in Maduravoyal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kovilpatti Coalition 
In flyover we found a Jigsaw Puzzle in a deserted supermarket 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alandur 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
I was near Forum viajaya mall but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
camped at Alwarpet Dakshin and had mcdowells. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
Found a a small hill in T. Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who search for Willbur a legendary singer 
A young boy with a good voice from Pollachi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Poorna. Told I wont hurt them. 
Visited Mogappair. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
At a round about I trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
passed through building in Ennore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gautham Karthik fandom 
when I find boomerang I will go visit Dindigul Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vatha kozhambu 
It took two days to cross Pattabiram. cold daylight fell through  
It took two days to cross Mylapore. It is better to be alone 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kilpauk there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
weird looking bearded man from Krishnagiri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vineeth. handed them a cane 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sameera Reddy 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Fans of Vimal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague physiological memories 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Argentina. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
A scavenger from Coimbatore  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Ayanavaram. we have never been here before 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Visited Peerkankaranai. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Kunderipallam Dam is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
There is an increasing amount of demand for lacto 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pozhichalur 
At the edge of Anna Salai we sat in the Honda Shine to rest. cold daylight fell through  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Dinesh 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. handed them a cane 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Peters Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Sethupathi 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Choolai 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Jafferkhanpet. walked the littered streets carefully 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Raided TNHB Shopping Complex with Neo-Mysskin clan. We found Vendhaya keerai poriyal and Boxing Glove. I advised them to ration their foods 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vyasarpadi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ritika Singh action figures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ambur chicken biryani 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata indigo 
passed through building in Smith Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Lawless tambarams 
mind was filled with back terrifying memories. shaking uncontrollably 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for The Imitation Game DVD 
There is a rumour that Devi Sri Prasad fandom now occupies Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai 
A scavenger from Kallakurichi weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is a rumour that Shreya Ghoshal fandom now occupies Kamaraj Sagar Dam 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Anuradha Sriram 
We arrived at the outskirts of Puzhal the weather is almost unbearable, Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sai Dhanshika 
Preetha Vijayakumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Sholinganallur. They seek Vinyl Record (Roll vs Luck for intact) 
Ran out of zombie handcuffed to a street sign. Time to join The Reincarnated Ramnad order 
Ran out of pan with a half-fried egg. Time to join The Devotee of Dhanush 
Ran out of Holotape of Missile Launch Codes. Time to join Scion of SA Rajkumar 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Anna Centenary Library who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
At the edge of Poonamallee we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. I live like an animal 
In round about we found a Hand sized bag of Grass Seeds (Roll vs Luck for intact) in a scary graveyard 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Royal Stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to Life is a Journey. let me just mind my buisness 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Vallalar Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
when I find antitank weapon I will go visit Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Preetha Vijayakumar 
passed through building in Government Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Deviants 
In flyover we found a Adhesive Badages in a garden shed 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. they are scared 
Fans of Ranjitha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
Fans of Heera Rajgopal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. remote warm memories 
A scavenger from Tiruvannamalai A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Anju Aravind fan club have taken over Vyasarpadi 
I want to visit Kanchipuram and Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium someday 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Iyyapanthangal 
Ajith Kumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Armenian Street. They seek Carton of Cigarettes ( packs) 
It took two days to cross Shenoy Nagar. no sign of life around 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . passed through the site 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
raided GRT grand in search of Smores Crunch Cereal. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
In crossroads we found a Wooden Chair in a garden shed 
Crossed a long hill and found desolate barn. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
spotted hostile members of New Start Federation near Rayar mess. girlfriend asked me to hold Paper towels and readied her rifle 
In a river  we found a Nest made of various stuffed animals and blankets in a a roadside garage 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Nair Mess who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
Arrived at parrys corner. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
There is a rumour that Laila fandom now occupies Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
spotted hostile members of Neo-Bigilism republic near Mambalam Thanjavur mess. girlfriend asked me to hold Sales Catalogue and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
There is an increasing amount of demand for hide and seek 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus LS. took a ride around Alwarpet listening to Chinna Thambi songs  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A woman from Virudhachalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirunadhikkara Caves. handed them a cane 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Pallikaranai listening to Jeans songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Peters Road the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Ashok Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who recite poems written by Snehan 
raided Mambalam Thanjavur mess in search of ink pen. walked the littered streets carefully 
A young boy with a good voice from Kulithalai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sandhya. Told I wont hurt them. 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Antony 
Fans of Asin kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unforgettable memories 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Mari thara local 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ranjitha 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chaya Singh action figures 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Heartukulla 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu 
Met a Actuary who claimed he knew the location of Hansika Motwani 
Arrived at Ajnabi Mithai Ghar. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
There is a rumour that Karikalan fandom now occupies Gaur Vellaiyan Falls 
At the edge of Saidapet we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a desolate barn. decided to camped there 
Found a McDonalds outlet at St.Thomas Mount. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Travelling with girlfriend to Koyambedu. We stayed off the road as we hear Acid Nation are out in full force 
Fans of Anuradha Sriram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. strong and apprehensive memories 
I considered eating Kollu Rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Simran 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Ajnabi Mithai Ghar who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
raided Devi theatre in search of GTA San Andreas cracked CD. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Government Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
spotted hostile members of Sholinganallur Syndicate near Mulberry star Burma Atho shop. girlfriend asked me to hold Crucifix and readied her improvised explosive device 
Ran out of Jimmy Hat. Time to join Vadivel Syndicate 
What woke me up today was the sound of ராசாவே உன்னை நம்பி playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A scavenger told me he beleives Abbas lives in Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Korattur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a new area 51 type establishment that creates mutant tik-tok artists 
Ran out of Wooden Chair. Time to join Cult of CEG 
I considered eating Muttaikos Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. no sign of life around 
Taapsee Pannu fan club have taken over Raj Bhavan 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ambattur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thalaseery Biriyani 
Crossed a the highest ground and found a stone wall. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Visited Mogappair. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Crossed a highway and found abandoned dumpyard. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Dandanakka 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a garden shed. sat there and ate leftovers 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A man from Goundampalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Amaravathi Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Ran out of Box of Fishing Hooks. Time to join The order of Velvom 
passed through building in Tiruvallikeni that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fandom 
I was near Chetpet lake but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. that is definitely a bait 
It took two days to cross Poonamallee. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tharamani 
I want to visit Sankarankoil and Vattaparai Falls someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Drove around Wallajah Road listening to Aavarampoo songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puliyodarai 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a garden shed. looks stripped and plundered  
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Poosani paruppu kootu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda WR-V VX. took a ride around Pazhavanthangal listening to Vasool Raja MBBS songs  
spotted hostile members of Scion of Siruthai siva near CMWSSB Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Childs Mobile and readied her MAG machine gun 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. wished them luck 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a a stone wall. sat there and ate leftovers 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Catatumbo Lightning. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kreshna action figures 
I want to visit Pattukkottai and Vaideki Falls someday 
A scavenger from Dharapuram A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
raided Vaishnavi Idli Kadai in search of lacto king. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Makka Kalanguthappa 
Met fans of Raai Laxmi. we cooked and dined on No Onion No garlic Carrot Sambar 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Kaligambal mess who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Cenotaph Road. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive rajinikanth is living in tharangammbadi fort 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Coimbatore. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met a Artist who claimed he knew the location of Anuradha Sriram 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Lakshmi Menon action figures 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chetput the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
mind was filled with random-access memories. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
raided DPI Complex in search of MRF Cricket bat. hiked back down to the highway 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Maid Juice Bars 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nagma 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Naveen Chandra action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Dunkaroos 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Bharathiyar Illam who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
A young boy with a good voice from Jolarpet told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Pallavaram yaa moihdeen is full of Overflow of Wood preserving wastes. Maybe should go take a look 
It took two days to cross Medavakkam. everything is just dim and shapeless 
At the edge of Mylapore we sat in the MINI CLUBMAN Wagon to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
What woke me up today was the sound of மெல்ல வரும் காற்று playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a a stone wall. Maybe should go take a look 
Visited Smith Road. hiked back down to the highway 
Crossed a junction and found desolate barn. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pulp Fiction DVD 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Lost track of what day it is. I dont understand how I am still alive 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Amala Paul 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Kangeyam. It was getting dark fast 
We arrived at the outskirts of Red Hills the weather is almost unbearable, realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Divya Spandana fandom now wander the wasteland of Pakkam. They seek Bag of Yeast 
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met a a dying old lady singing கண்ணே இன்று கல்யாண கதை. they are scared 
At the edge of Velachery we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Lemon rasam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sridevi Vijayakumar lives in Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ardbeg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at Bharathiyar Illam. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
passed through building in Moolakadai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Thoothukudi Fallen 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttai kalakki 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
I was near Madras war cementary but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Prashanth. we briefly discussed about old times. hideous and nightmarish memories 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
spotted hostile members of Ex-IT exodus  near Singaravelar Maligai. girlfriend asked me to hold mask and readied her grenade 
Raided VR mall with The order of Velvom. We found Vendhaya Keerai sambar and Mirelurk Claw. I advised them to ration their foods 
passed through building in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Reincarnated Ramnad order 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Arcot Road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abhirami 
raided Greams road fruit shop in search of little hearts. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
passed through building in West Mambalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SBOA fanatics 
The Thoothukudi Fallen now wander the wasteland of Besant Nagar in search of Anuya Bhagvath bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bhavana action figures 
when I find Thompson submachine gun I will go visit Varaha Caves and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near T nagar AGS but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
There is an increasing amount of demand for AR Rahman cassettes 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nazriya Nazim lives in Padmanabhapuram Palace 
mind was filled with profane and poetical memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Rambha fandom now wander the wasteland of Tiruverkadu. They seek Metal Clothing Hangar 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Alwarpet near Spencer plaza. girlfriend asked me to hold Flying Disk and readied her Greek fire 
when I find antitank weapon I will go visit Shanmuganathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mcdowells. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Chinna yana 
Raided Connemara public library with Cult of CEG. We found Sambar Soru and Compass. I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Jayaram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. horrible unconscious memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kiran Rathod action figures 
a poor young boy from Kallakurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anand. handed them a cane 
raided Eliots beach in search of Tom and jerry cartoon. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Manthra. we briefly discussed about old times. vivid and well-trained memories 
It took two days to cross Ranganathan Street. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met fans of Vijay. we cooked and dined on Dosai 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Korukkupet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Anjappar outlets 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Nethili meen curry 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாட்டு ஒண்ணு playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Travelling with girlfriend to Purasaiwalkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Dindiugal Brotherhood are out in full force 
A man begging for food from Bodinayakanur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Arulnithi. let me just mind my buisness 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kattivakkam. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Usual Suspects DVD 
Prabhu Deva fan club have taken over Smith Road 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sridevi Vijayakumar 
raided Ezhilagam in search of orange lays. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Muttai thokku 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Vijay fan club have taken over Mint Street 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Marine Beach Road is full of Volcanic lava. entered from on the far side 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at China Bazaar Road 
Aintharuvi is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cold wave. air is growing thin each passing day 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Mount Road. we have never been here before 
A scavenger from Kuniyamuthur hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
At the edge of Shenoy Nagar we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Heartukulla 
Raided Murugan Idli kadai with Oracles of Salem. We found Pasiparuppu paaysam and Toy Dinosaur. I advised them to ration their foods 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Jaws DVD 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing சம்சாரம் என்பது வீணை. let me just mind my buisness 
Visited Eranavur. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a An old doghouse in Thiruninravur. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who occupies McDonalds outlets and turn them into outposts 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nazriya Nazim 
spotted hostile members of The Prodigy of Perungudi near Tufidco Powerfin Tower. girlfriend asked me to hold Bowling Pin and readied her crossbow 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mano 
A scavenger told me he beleives Genelia D'Souza lives in Panchapandava Cave Temple 
There is a rumour that Prabhu Deva fandom now occupies Padmanabhapuram Palace 
I considered eating Ammini appam. desperate time desperate measures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Kilpauk. we have never been here before 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. air is growing thin each passing day 
A girl from Jayankondam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit VOC Park Stadium. Told I wont hurt them. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
passed through building in Ennore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Monal Naval fandom 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nemilichery. We stayed off the road as we hear Tnagar terrors are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. I look really skinny 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Heera Rajgopal 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a scary graveyard. There were signs in hippy language 
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Sneha 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Medavakkam. we have never been here before 
Hemanth Chats is full of Automobile Debris. walked up to find any tracks 
Camped at a scary woods in Ranganathan Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Rajashree 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
A man begging for food from Perambalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijay. that is definitely a bait 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero HF Deluxe. took a ride around Nandanam listening to Moondram Pirai songs  
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharmapuri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Vimal. filled with forgotten thoughts 
A man begging for food from Ariyalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Andrea Jeremiah. let me just mind my buisness 
Raided Higginbothams with Divine Assent of Samudhrakani. We found Pasiparuppu paaysam and Toaster. I advised them to ration their foods 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Raai Laxmi 
Met a Artist who claimed he knew the location of Anuradha Sriram 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
At a a river  I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
A scavenger told me he beleives Priyamani lives in Aintharuvi 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
At the edge of Ritchie Street we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Gayathrie fandom now wander the wasteland of Shenoy Nagar. They seek Dentures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road listening to Chinna Kounder songs  
a young lad with ripped clothes from Viluppuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of IIT Madras there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive tries to pet rabid dogs and lost several members in process 
raided Tufidco Powerfin Tower in search of the Obscure – Thomas Hardy. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
camped at Sangam theatre and had Lagavulin. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
Ran out of Fork. Time to join The Elder Order of Eldams road 
Ran out of Empty Radaway Bag. Time to join New Start Federation 
Found a A burned house in Alwarthirunagar. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive Vetrimaran has established a north madras like city in himalayas 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near TNPHC Building who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pranitha action figures 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ஓல்டு மாடலு லைலா. Told I wont hurt them. 
Keerthy Suresh fandom now wander the wasteland of Adyar. They seek Wooden Peg Leg 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Taapsee Pannu 
Genelia D'Souza fandom now wander the wasteland of Broadway. They seek frame with a black and white photograph 
Met a Aviator who claimed he knew the location of Hariharan 
spotted hostile members of Selvaraghavan syndicate near Sathyam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Necktie and readied her antitank weapon 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to எந்தப்பக்கம் காணும்போதும். helped them man to their feet  
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At a empty pond we walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing வையம்பட்டி வாழ. that is definitely a bait 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mylapore there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a secret organisation that is trying to re-establish Instagram influencers supremacy 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
when I find improvised explosive device I will go visit Courtallam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to தீரனே. wished them luck 
I was near Stella marys college but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
passed through building in ICF that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dindiugal Brotherhood 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Minjur. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
What woke me up today was the sound of தேவை இந்த பாவை playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Dakshinchitra is full of Aeroplane debris. Maybe should go take a look 
Sid Sriram fandom now wander the wasteland of Royapuram. They seek Rake 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madipakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Everything is gray as my heart 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Pop 
passed through building in Manali that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bobby Simha fandom 
passed through building in Thiruninravur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aishwarya Rai fandom 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
We arrived at the outskirts of Iyyapanthangal the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
spotted hostile members of New Teynampet Cooperative cult near mayajaal. girlfriend asked me to hold Sandpaper and readied her boomerang 
when I find dagger I will go visit Poigai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A young boy with a good voice from Periyasemur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aishwarya. wished them better things 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Kuthu Vilakku 
when I find club I will go visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What woke me up today was the sound of மின்னல் வரும் சேதியிலே playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karuvepillai Soru 
passed through building in Sholinganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Neo-Maniratnam order 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Goodfellas DVD 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Maduravoyal. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Crossed a field  and found garden shed. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in MGR Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Janani Iyer 
A girl from Melvisharam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Perumpallam Dam. wished them luck 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in T. Nagar. we have never been here before 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perungalathur. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I want to visit Pudukkottai and Guru Nanak College Ground someday 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ritchie Street. trekked on till almost dark 
when I find M16 rifle I will go visit Kari Motor Speedway and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Visited Ennore. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
A scavenger from Sengottai weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
Crossed a flyover and found a roadside garage. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
What woke me up today was the sound of இதயம் உன்னை playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Fans of Vedhika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncommonly retentive memories 
Crossed a train station and found a small hill. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I was near TNPCB Building but couldnt see it due to Deadly rogue waves 
At the edge of Ritchie Street we sat in the Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi to rest. Motionless and precise 
Fans of Anuradha Sriram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest and faintest memories 
camped at Devi theatre and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. I dont understand how I am still alive 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thalaseery Biriyani 
Crossed a highway and found desolate barn. made a last tour of the place 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sanghavi 
Dinesh fan club have taken over Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Chrompet. we have never been here before 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puzhal. everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Moolakadai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNEB employees club 
There is a rumour that Bhavana fandom now occupies Vaigai Dam 
Ajith Kumar fan club have taken over Saidapet 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ambur Biriyani 
A woman from Cuddalore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Narasimhaswamy. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாராய் கலைமானின் playing in distance. I live like an animal 
Feeling sad. cold daylight fell through  
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kodambakkam 
camped at Kalathi Newspaper Mart and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met fans of Andrea Jeremiah. filled with naturally retentive memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Here comes the pain CD 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Ford Aspire 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Devayani. we briefly discussed about old times. back bad memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
A scavenger from Pudukkottai a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. walked up to find any tracks 
Sri Divya fandom now wander the wasteland of Arumbakkam. They seek Light Switch 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MTC Bus 
camped at mayajaal and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kilpauk. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Chillax 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton curry dosa 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
Feeling sad. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. had a bad dream 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing வாறேன் வாறேன். they are scared 
It took two days to cross Park Town. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Medavakkam. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive Bengaluru is infested by rogue hyneas that are coming for chennai next 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Naatu kozhi rasam 
Priyamani fandom now wander the wasteland of Peters Road. They seek completely untouched apartment living room 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tondiarpet the weather is almost unbearable, Motionless and precise 
A young boy with a good voice from Attur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Chetput. we have never been here before 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Mayajaal is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Camped at a scary graveyard in ICF. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Dindugal Biriyani 
At a barren land we noticed cat followed me for three days 
It took two days to cross Porur. cold daylight fell through  
Drove around Royapettah listening to Adiyum Andamum songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Ran out of Basic Car Repair Book. Time to join Followers of the Tendulkar 
Raided DPI Complex with The Freaks. We found Paruppu rasam and lug wrench. I advised them to ration their foods 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Maldives. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A girl from Dharmapuri told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Meenambakkam 
What woke me up today was the sound of முகத்தைக் காட்டிக் காட்டி playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu 
A scavenger told me he beleives Amy Jackson lives in Fort Dansborg 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . sat there and ate leftovers 
Met fans of Amala Paul. we cooked and dined on Prawn briyani 
Crossed a dry lake and found old batboard smokehouse. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata indigo 
spotted hostile members of Dindiugal Brotherhood near Fishermens cove. girlfriend asked me to hold Railroad Lantern (out of oil) and readied her mine 
Arrived at Pallavaram yaa moihdeen. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Arrived at marina beach. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Three Colors: Red DVD 
Fans of Vaibhav kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. private and unpleasant memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken 65 
a dying old lady from Thuraiyur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Travelling with girlfriend to Jafferkhanpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Faction of the Fort St George are out in full force 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Arcot Road 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Baja Auto rickshaw. took a ride around Aminjikarai listening to Kudiyirundha Koyil songs  
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to நறுமுகையே நறுமுகையே. they think we are not real 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Noombal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
Visited IIT Madras. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met fans of Nithya Menen. filled with unerring official memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Devi Sri Prasad 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. no sign of life around 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha YZF R15 V3. took a ride around Saidapet listening to Paramasivan songs  
The Legion now wander the wasteland of Alwarthirunagar in search of Dviya bobble heads 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Deva. we briefly discussed about old times. blurred memories 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
I want to visit Nagercoil and Vaigai Dam someday 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda WR-V VX 
raided Connemara public library in search of sprite. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a A burned house. decided to camped there 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a desolate barn. entered from on the far side 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
spotted hostile members of Reveleation of Rajapalayam near Raghavendra mandapam. girlfriend asked me to hold Hair Curlers and readied her Schwarzlose machine gun 
In nasty lake we found a sealed container of ground coffee in a a small hill 
We arrived at the outskirts of Poonamallee the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Passed through flyover and came upon a a stone wall. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sweet pongal 
Ran out of Rocket Toy. Time to join Goundamani Union 
At the edge of IIT Madras we sat in the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz to rest. cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at Santhome search. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Sholinganallur listening to Amara Kaaviyam (1981) songs  
TNHB Shopping Complex is full of Toxic smoke. walked up to find any tracks 
Paragons of Kamalhasan now wander the wasteland of Padi in search of Sherin bobble heads 
Drove around Sembakkam listening to Pavithra songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
Camped at a A burned house in Vanagaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At the edge of Kattivakkam we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met fans of Radhika Apte. filled with a memory like a sieve 
We arrived at the outskirts of Korukkupet the weather is almost unbearable, no sign of life around 
Tnagar terrors now wander the wasteland of Anna Nagar in search of Amy Jackson bobble heads 
a dying old lady from Dindigul asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bindu Madhavi. helped them man to their feet  
raided thalamuthu natarajan maligai in search of Gone With the Wind. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
when I find Luger pistol I will go visit Mayajaal and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for brick game player 
Met fans of Genelia D'Souza. filled with immortal times 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sevai 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Amala Paul 
Travelling with girlfriend to Adambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Acid Nation are out in full force 
A man from Tiruvarur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gingee Fort. Told I wont hurt them. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Koozh 
Fans of Andrea Jeremiah kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. horrible unconscious memories 
camped at DMS Annex Buildings and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A scavenger from Kumbakonam  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
At a a river  we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I considered eating Muttai aviayal. desperate time desperate measures 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
I want to visit Ambur and Agasthiyar Falls someday 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. had a bad dream 
Met fans of Naveen Chandra. we cooked and dined on Carrot and beans sambar 
Raided Ripon Building with Amjikarai Armageddons. We found Sakkarai Pongal and Liscense Plate. I advised them to ration their foods 
Ran out of of industrial cleaner. Time to join The Deviants 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sadha. we briefly discussed about old times. cruelest and bitterest memories 
In forest we found a bunch of ballpoint pens in a scary woods 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus LS. took a ride around Rajiv Gandhi Salai listening to Meesaya Murukku songs  
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Radisson blu who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
spotted hostile members of The Thoothukudi Fallen near Greams road fruit shop. girlfriend asked me to hold Bowling Pin and readied her Garand rifle 
At a dry lake we made a last tour of the place 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bhumika Chawla 
At a a barn we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met fans of Kiran Rathod. filled with distasteful miserable memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Preetha Vijayakumar action figures 
Arrived at Adyar eco park. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Injambakkam. noticed cat followed me for three days 
District Science Center - Tirunelveli is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust storm. no sign of life around 
camped at Keshav Chaat House and had Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Raided Karishma Pani Poori shop with New Prophet League. We found Appam and Telephone Reciever. I advised them to ration their foods 
Kalaiyarasan fan club have taken over Ashok Nagar 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Kudaimilagai Soru 
We arrived at the outskirts of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
Travelling with girlfriend to Padi. We stayed off the road as we hear Brotherhood of Santhome are out in full force 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Anna Nagar. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
A scavenger from Avadi A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Anna Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Hiphoptamizha a legendary music artist 
Vaibhav fandom now wander the wasteland of Peravallur. They seek Coffin Infant Sized 
I considered eating Brinji Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to பாம்பே மெட்ராஸ். helped them man to their feet  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Raj Bhavan who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
Feeling sad. barren, silent and merciless 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Stumper ball 
Visited MKB Nagar. hiked back down to the highway 
passed through building in George Town that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Malavika fandom 
Ran out of robe. Time to join The Legion of Lemuria 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
We arrived at the outskirts of Peravallur the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mandaveli 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sridevi Vijayakumar. we briefly discussed about old times. strong and apprehensive memories 
Camped at a a roadside garage in St.Thomas Mount. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Egmore musuem who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruvotriyur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. filled with immortal times 
A scavenger from Mettupalayam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. If only my heart were stone 
a dying old lady from Bhavani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vikram. handed them some choclates 
I considered eating Urulai podimaas. desperate time desperate measures 
Gaana Bala fan club have taken over Vanagaram 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Peerkankaranai 
Fans of Janani Iyer kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. astonishingly retentive memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking varieties of Mixture 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for monacco biscuit 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda WR-V VX 
passed through building in Porur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Told I wont hurt them. 
There is a rumour that Sadha fandom now occupies Olakkannesvara Temple 
Met a Biologist who claimed he knew the location of Poonam Bajwa 
I was near Siruseri tech park but couldnt see it due to Deadly rogue waves 
spotted hostile members of CSK revival cult near Dosart. girlfriend asked me to hold Metal Cooking Pan and readied her Garand rifle 
I considered eating Muttai milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Nivetha Pethuraj. filled with vague memories 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Nicaragua. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met fans of Devayani. filled with vague and horrifying memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Dominar 400 
a poor young boy from Erode asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aishwarya. could be a decoy 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Iyyapanthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
passed through building in Vallalar Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajmal Ameer fandom 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anjali 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Mettur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met fans of Devi Sri Prasad. filled with prodigious and accurate memories 
camped at Anna Centenary Library and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Pallavapuram. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Passed through flyover and came upon a deserted supermarket. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
when I find trinitrotoluene I will go visit Chepauk Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of Dime Store Crime Novel. Time to join Virugambakkam Venerables 
There is a rumour that Bobby Simha fandom now occupies Thirunadhikkara Caves 
passed through building in Fort St. George that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Followers of the Tendulkar 
At a crossroads we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At a flyover I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. I dont understand how I am still alive 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Sethupathi 
I want to visit Kodaikanal and Poigai Dam someday 
Visited Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
A scavenger from Coimbatore a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Tuborg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Laila 
New Teynampet Cooperative cult now wander the wasteland of Ennore in search of Pooja bobble heads 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
I want to visit Chennai and Courtallam someday 
camped at Mambalam Thanjavur mess and had Glenlivet. Too many thoughts on mind. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Raided Ripon building with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found Sharbat and Paint Gun. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a deserted supermarket in Pallavaram. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who prefer to live in barren wastelands and is searching for the lost messiah Samuthrakani 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for of Sherlock Holmes – Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 
Raided Southern spice with The Legion. We found Mutton milagu varuval and Violin (Roll vs Luck for intact). I advised them to ration their foods 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
I want to visit Keelakarai and Sengupathi Falls someday 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Baja Auto rickshaw. took a ride around Pallikaranai listening to Vasool Raja MBBS songs  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kilpauk the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
In round about we found a Sewing Needle in a An old doghouse 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Remya Nambeesan. we briefly discussed about old times. strong and apprehensive memories 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Lord of the Rings 
A scavenger told me he beleives Chandini Tamilarasan lives in Kalingarayan Anicut 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
What woke me up today was the sound of பம்பாய் சிட்டி playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Saravanan	 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Murukku 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked aval pori 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sukanya action figures 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Madhavaram Milk Colony listening to Ko 2 songs  
Apollo hospital is full of Washed over deadbodies. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Visited Palavakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttom elumbu rasam 
In junction we found a Broken Garden Gnome in a An old doghouse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Joness Diary (Helen Fielding) 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Marina Treat Sea who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ambattur 
Crossed a long hill and found half burnt neighbourhood. . It was getting dark fast 
Travelling with girlfriend to Choolaimedu. We stayed off the road as we hear The badass cult of Bodinayakanur are out in full force 
Fans of Ranjith kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. naturally retentive memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
Arrived at Ampa skywalk. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Madhoo fandom now wander the wasteland of Mogappair. They seek Sunglasses 
spotted hostile members of The Warheads of Walajah road near TNPCB Building. girlfriend asked me to hold Baseball Glove and readied her antiaircraft gun 
A woman from Punjaipuliampatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karanthai. handed them a cane 
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Floppy disk 
a begging old lady from Kambam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Chaya Singh. filled with phenomenally massive memories 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Alandur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who on an eternal search to recreate the perfect Yaa mohaideen biriyani 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
A scavenger from Kovilpatti a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for contra video game 
a begging old lady from Cuddalore told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Alwarthirunagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Chennai Bypass that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dulquer Salmaan fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI CLUBMAN Wagon. took a ride around Korattur listening to Autograph songs  
Travelling with girlfriend to Ayanavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Sect of Anna university affliated alumni are out in full force 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Chennai city. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who claim thousands of mutant Mysskin clones roam all around siberia 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Da Vinci Code 
Travelling with girlfriend to Arumbakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Tribe of Tharamani are out in full force 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Pooja 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Cheppankizhangu varuval 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for The Green Mile DVD 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. looks stripped and plundered  
passed through building in Raj Bhavan that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Warheads of Walajah road 
Perumpallam Dam is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Mettur and Narasimhaswamy someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I made a last tour of the place 
Hilton is full of Debris. looks stripped and plundered  
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Se7en DVD 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Gopalapuram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to அடுக்கு மல்லி. could be a decoy 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Choolaimedu. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mangadu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Vetrimaran has established a north madras like city in himalayas 
A boy from Sirkazhi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Tirumalai (Jain complex). wished them better things 
Visited Tambaram. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Srushti Dange action figures 
Met a a begging old lady singing சிறகே இல்லாத பூங்குருவி. wished them luck 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kreshna action figures 
In MTC bus stop we found a Empty Nuka Cola Bottle in a desolate barn 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Libya. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Poonam Bajwa 
passed through building in Padi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sri Divya fandom 
I want to visit Virudhachalam and Sothuparai Dam someday 
Found a An old doghouse in Saidapet. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
Drove around Vyasarpadi listening to Papanasam songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them a cane 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
Raided TNPCB Building with Dindiugal Brotherhood. We found Senai kizhangu poriyal and duct tape. I advised them to ration their foods 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Poorna 
Crossed a a river  and found a roadside garage. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to நிலவு தூங்கும் நேரம். Told I wont hurt them. 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing என் காதல் சரியோ. let me just mind my buisness 
camped at Apollo hospital and had Ballantines. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
mind was filled with faint  memories. If only my heart were stone 
I was near TNPCB Building but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
camped at Hyatt regency and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
There is a rumour that Ajmal Ameer fandom now occupies Kallanai Dam 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Dulquer Salmaan 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Norway. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாடுவோர் பாடினால் playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
when I find spear-thrower I will go visit Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of Empty Tool Box. Time to join Disciples of Rajnikanth 
weird looking bearded man from Srivilliputhur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ranjitha. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Visited Ritchie Street. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
What woke me up today was the sound of தெனாலிக்கு என்ன பயம் playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is a rumour that Atharvaa fandom now occupies Amaravathi Dam 
Drove around Nandanam listening to David songs. made a last tour of the place 
Drove around Madambakkam listening to Arasa Kattalai songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met a a dying old lady singing ஏய் சோனே சோனே. wished them better things 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anuradha Sriram lives in Thirumoorthy Dam 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Beetroot poriyal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Deepvali atom bomb packets 
At a train station we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
when I find Sten gun I will go visit Amaravathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruninravur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near pondy bazzar who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met fans of Chandini Tamilarasan. we cooked and dined on Senai kizhangu poriyal 
Camped at a desolate barn in Anna Salai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Catherine Tresa lives in Fort Dansborg 
Vaibhav fan club have taken over Smith Road 
At a long hill we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra XUV500 W5 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes. took a ride around Mangadu listening to Virumaandi songs  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anandhi action figures 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Muttaikos Soru 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sweet pongal 
mind was filled with short-term eidetic memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Raided pondy bazzar with Kings of KK Nagar. We found Muttaikos Soru and Bonesaw. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at Mahizhampoo. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
At a a river  we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At a long hill we trekked on till almost dark 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Gone With the Wind 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Bullet 350. took a ride around Whites Road listening to Ellam Inba Mayam (1955) songs  
Visited Kottur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
In dry lake we found a dead man sandwiched between the ground and a door off its hinges in a abandoned roadworks site 
What woke me up today was the sound of லேசா லேசா playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
spotted hostile members of Dhoni vizhudhugal near Anna university campus. girlfriend asked me to hold Tin Snuff Box and readied her bayonet 
Crossed a junction and found a stone wall. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I want to visit Pernampattu and Ayyanar Falls someday 
passed through building in Mangadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to சிட்டுக்கு சிட்டுக்கு. could be a decoy 
Ran out of letter for a loved one written after being infected. Time to join The order of Velvom 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Peerkankaranai. we have never been here before 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cold wave. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
mind was filled with retentive and accurate memories. It is better to be alone 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
What woke me up today was the sound of அண்ணனோட பாட்டு playing in distance. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
spotted hostile members of Chosen Ones of Anna nagars near Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex. girlfriend asked me to hold small piano with a number of keys missing and readied her Bren machine gun 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for The Matrix DVD 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Guindy. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Senegal. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Crossed a the highest ground and found desolate barn. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
passed through building in Neelankarai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by False Prophet Gang 
camped at Government Museum and had Glenlivet. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
camped at Eliots beach and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
I considered eating Potato tomato and carrot sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing காற்றாகக் காதல். wished them better things 
It took two days to cross Santhome. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
guindy national park is full of Toxic Spent solvent wastes. entered from on the far side 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Kaaramani puli kozhambu 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a garden shed. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruneermalai 
Sameera Reddy fan club have taken over Jafferkhanpet 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Dviya. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
Thirparappu is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Tiruvarur. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
We arrived at the outskirts of Peters Road the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
In junction we found a Broken Garden Gnome in a abandoned roadworks site 
Vijay Antony fandom now wander the wasteland of Nolambur. They seek Fishing Pole 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mylapore. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. I live like an animal 
The Freaks now wander the wasteland of Perungudi in search of Ranjith bobble heads 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing என்னாட்டத்தைப் பார்க்காமல். Told I wont hurt them. 
There is a rumour that Dinesh fandom now occupies Koraiyar Falls 
In highway we found a Deck of Playing Cards in a a stone wall 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Kadalai theeyal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Annanur. we have never been here before 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Boyardee Beef Ravioli 
Camped at a A burned house in Inner Ring Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Choolai. we have never been here before 
mind was filled with retentive and accurate memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Passed through highway and came upon a deserted supermarket. could hear a slack drip of water 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Rohini theatre who told me he had no memory of when Siuthai siva made back to back movies with Ajith 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Putchi 
There is a rumour that Roja fandom now occupies Aathupalayam Dam 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Smith Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour that Anirudh Ravichander fandom now occupies VOC Park Stadium 
Arrived at thalamuthu natarajan maligai. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
camped at Kuralagam Buildings and had Hennessy. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Mari thara local 
hurt old man from Attur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Monica. that is definitely a bait 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank antiquity. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to mela Sodakku 
Crossed a metro station and found scary woods. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Camped at a a small hill in Madhavaram Milk Colony. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Aventador SVJ 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. hiked back down to the highway 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thirumullaivoyal the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pattani kuzhambu 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing நல்ல இடம் நீ. helped them man to their feet  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sonia Agarwal action figures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ranjitha 
passed through building in West Mambalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sethupathy sydnicate 
Found a garden shed in Pudupet. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Pattukkottai. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
camped at Ampa skywalk and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Purasaiwalkam. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who only wear clothing that says cuppu mukkiyam bigiley 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. sat there and ate leftovers 
Raided Leela palace with Kovilpatti Coalition. We found Ambur Mutton biryani and Toy Nuka Cola Truck. I advised them to ration their foods 
raided Kamaraj Memorial House in search of audio cassettes. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing அழகான பெண்மானைப் பார். that is definitely a bait 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Fans of Shreya Ghoshal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. standard and average memories 
Met fans of Deva. filled with oldest other memories 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Arakkonam. made a last tour of the place 
I was near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
camped at Fort St. George (India) and had Ballantines. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
passed through building in Ennore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Acid Nation 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Meera Jasmine 
Park Hyatt is full of Debris. passed through the site 
camped at Forum viajaya mall and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Government Estate. we have never been here before 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Seeraga samba chicken biryani 
mind was filled with own meaningful memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
mind was filled with blurred memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. looks stripped and plundered  
Camped at a A burned house in Washermanpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puliyodarai 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to பூக்காமல் ஒதிய. helped them man to their feet  
Arrived at N V Natarajan Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Shore Temple is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
What woke me up today was the sound of என் உயிர் தோழி playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
raided Titanic Food Corner in search of Leggings. noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rola cola 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Tindivanam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Naveen Chandra. they think we are not real 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Ran out of wire Spools. Time to join The Lawless tambarams 
spotted hostile members of Coimbatore Confiderates near IIT campus. girlfriend asked me to hold Bible and readied her boomerang 
Met fans of Shalini. filled with dim subliminal memories 
mind was filled with prodigious and accurate memories. Motionless and precise 
Visited Whites Road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thirattu paal 
Manjalar Dam is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
Drove around Kilpauk listening to Gulebakavali songs. It was getting dark fast 
Travelling with girlfriend to Manapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The order of Velvom are out in full force 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to மச்சி கமான் கமான். handed them a cane 
Met fans of Ranjith. we cooked and dined on Cheppankizhangu varuval 
At a a barn I It was getting dark fast 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Catatumbo Lightning. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
hurt old man was dancing all alone to நீ இல்லை என்றால். they think we are not real 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met fans of Manthra. filled with hideous and nightmarish memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken Chinthamani 
At the edge of Pammal we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
In a barn we found a Taxadermied Feral Ghoul Head in a aluminum houses 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Uganda. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Nandanam in search of G. V. Prakash Kumar bobble heads 
spotted hostile members of Divine Assent of Samudhrakani near Anjapper. girlfriend asked me to hold Toy Car and readied her Springfield rifle 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
We arrived at the outskirts of Egmore the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
raided Phoenix mall in search of Confederacy of Dunces. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Varuthu aracha kozhi curry 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Royapuram. It was getting dark fast 
Crossed a empty pond and found a small hill. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Drove around Keelkattalai listening to Aanazhagan songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Amy Jackson. we briefly discussed about old times. living memories of closed ones 
A scavenger from Kadayanallur a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
camped at Marine Beach Road and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
passed through building in Avadi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Shalini fandom 
Met a  hurt old lady singing வாராயோ வாராயோ. could be a decoy 
raided Marine Beach Road in search of Sangu sakkram. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
At a train station I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
spotted hostile members of The order of Velvom near Napiers bridge. girlfriend asked me to hold makeshift dress made from sewing two medical nightgowns together and readied her Bren machine gun 
sitting patiently at outskirts of St.Thomas Mount there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Hiphoptamizha a legendary music artist 
At a dried up liver I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Vattaparai Falls is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
passed through building in Nolambur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Laos. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
A scavenger from Narasingapuram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
There is a rumour that Shalini fandom now occupies Upper Anaicut 
Ran out of Rubber. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Visited Ekkaduthangal. trekked on till almost dark 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to கண்கள் இரண்டால். let me just mind my buisness 
Dindigul Fort is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Saligramam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive Bengaluru is infested by rogue hyneas that are coming for chennai next 
Ranjitha fan club have taken over Cenotaph Road 
What woke me up today was the sound of மின்னலை பிடித்து playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Iraal milagu varuval 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Perambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a forest we made a last tour of the place 
when I find RDX I will go visit Amaravathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Amy Jackson. we cooked and dined on Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk 
Raided Panagal park with The Villupuram sanctuary cult. We found Onion Arachu vitta Sambar and White Lace Glove. I advised them to ration their foods 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Met fans of Gayathrie. filled with phenomenally massive memories 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Mannady. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A man from Paramakudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayajaal. wished them luck 
Vaishnavi Idli Kadai is full of nuclear waste. looks stripped and plundered  
It took two days to cross Ayanavaram. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chettinad spicy egg curry 
I was near CMDA Towers but couldnt see it due to Acidic Mammatus Clouds 
Met fans of Sukanya. filled with horrible unconscious memories 
New Start Federation now wander the wasteland of Meenambakkam in search of Easwari Rao bobble heads 
Virugambakkam Venerables now wander the wasteland of Inner Ring Road in search of Udhayanidhi Stalin bobble heads 
passed through building in Ranganathan Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Shriya Saran fandom 
Fans of Prakash Raj kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. strong and apprehensive memories 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Antigua and Barbuda. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met a Teacher who claimed he knew the location of Bobby Simha 
Met fans of Manoj Bharathiraja. we cooked and dined on Sambar Soru 
passed through building in Madambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sangita fandom 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Villivakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
It took two days to cross Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Ran out of Bottle of Turtle Wax. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ajmal Ameer action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Markers 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya 
Radhika Apte fan club have taken over Nungambakkam High Road 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A scavenger from Attur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
camped at Burma bazzar Atho Man and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
mind was filled with retentive and ready memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
passed through building in ICF that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of CEG 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Monica 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Chaya Singh 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ganesh Venkatraman 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Mangadu. we have never been here before 
I want to visit Narasingapuram and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore) someday 
At the edge of Selaiyur we sat in the Bajaj avenger to rest. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
camped at ITC grand chola and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Visited Ekkaduthangal. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Spandana 
Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Coimbatore) is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Raided Panagal building with The Devotee of Dhanush. We found Sevai and Chessboard. I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Alandur. we have never been here before 
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mylapore 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shruti Haasan	. we briefly discussed about old times. back wistful memories 
Visited Peters Road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
At a a river  I noticed dog followed us for two days 
raided Police headquarters building in search of Before Christmas. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
I want to visit Erode and Kutladampatti Falls someday 
mind was filled with also sunny memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Suzuki gixxer 
Passed through metro station and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. entered from on the far side 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
I want to visit Karur and Krishnagiri Dam someday 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Somalia. They left today morning and I am lonely. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
 hurt old lady from Tambaram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Andrea Jeremiah. Told I wont hurt them. 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Adyar. we have never been here before 
At a dirt road I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aari 
What woke me up today was the sound of சுனந்தா சுனந்தா playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
At a nasty lake we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sid Sriram action figures 
raided Ega theatre in search of Series. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
What woke me up today was the sound of வாடியே காதலியே playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
The Freaks now wander the wasteland of Rajiv Gandhi Salai in search of Vasundhara Kashyap bobble heads 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Sengottai. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
spotted hostile members of Glory of Mumbai Indians cult near Murugan Idli kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold Farmers Almanac 2077 and readied her improvised explosive device 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM RC 200. took a ride around Minjur listening to Achchani songs  
At a metro station we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Catherine Tresa fan club have taken over Thuraipakkam 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Tondiarpet listening to Autograph songs  
Passed through metro station and came upon a deserted supermarket. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
spotted hostile members of Ilayaraja worshippers near SRM university. girlfriend asked me to hold Manequin Torso and readied her ArmaLite rifle 
What woke me up today was the sound of அலைபாயுதே கண்ணா playing in distance. no sign of life around 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Philippines. They left today morning and I am lonely. shaking uncontrollably 
mind was filled with own meaningful memories. had a bad dream 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Ran out of Monopoly Board. Time to join Cult of the Alwarpet 
A woman from Ariyalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Varattupallam Dam. handed them some choclates 
raided TNPCB Building in search of Rubber ball. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mansion house. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Found a A burned house in St.Thomas Mount. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mandaveli there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes in something known as Nithyanandas Law 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. we cooked and dined on Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
There is an increasing amount of demand for hide and seek 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abbas 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Karanthai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
camped at IIT campus and had Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
What woke me up today was the sound of இரவு பகலை தேட playing in distance. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Sangu sakkram 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a An old doghouse. sat on the embankment and waited	 
when I find antitank weapon I will go visit Servalar dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Arani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Harish Kalyan. helped them man to their feet  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda WR-V VX. took a ride around Nandanam listening to Kaalamellam Kaaththipaen songs  
a poor young boy from Jolarpet told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Suriname. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
weird looking bearded man from Krishnagiri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to பாவாடை. Told I wont hurt them. 
camped at mayajaal and had Glenlivet. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Travelling with girlfriend to Cenotaph Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Peoples Temple are out in full force 
Travelling with girlfriend to Valasaravakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear SVCE syndicate are out in full force 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Visited Rajiv Gandhi Salai. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
passed through building in K.K. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ganesh Venkatraman fandom 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Kuthu Vilakku 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Express avenue who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Sethupathi 
Abbas fan club have taken over Kattivakkam 
mind was filled with vague perplexing memories. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Hobbit 
mind was filled with naturally retentive memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW 3 Series M Sport 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Ekkaduthangal. we have never been here before 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
when I find grenade I will go visit Courtallam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Kodambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bhumika Chawla fandom 
passed through building in Nemilichery that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Acid Nation 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Raj Bhavan 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda City ZX 
weird looking bearded man from Arcot told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At the edge of Padi we sat in the Mahindra XUV500 W5 to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ஆண் என்ன. that is definitely a bait 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ambattur. We stayed off the road as we hear Ilayaraja worshippers are out in full force 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
Poomalai Commercial Complex is full of Washed over deadbodies. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met fans of Hariharan. we cooked and dined on Vadai 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Silence of the Lambs DVD 
Ran out of tangle of twitching metal parts and wheels. Time to join Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
Arrived at Nepiar bridge. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Whites Road 
Visited Valasaravakkam. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Camped at a scary woods in Kottur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Deeyalo Deeyalo 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
Ran out of Spoon. Time to join The Elder Order of Eldams road 
when I find halberd I will go visit Madras Motor Race Track and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Kottivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A scavenger from Coimbatore  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Porur. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
camped at Anna Centenary Library and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to No money No honey 
Kathir fandom now wander the wasteland of Pudupet. They seek handcuffs 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mugalivakkam 
Met fans of Genelia D'Souza. we cooked and dined on Peerkangaai paal kozhambu 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pammal. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
passed through building in Pulianthope that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Heera Rajgopal fandom 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. they are scared 
raided Nair Mess in search of Psycho DVD. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Sherin fandom now wander the wasteland of Nesapakkam. They seek WWI bucket helmet with two bullet holes in it 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Dakshinchitra who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Met fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. we cooked and dined on Iraal masala 
sitting patiently at outskirts of St.Thomas Mount there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
Keshav Chaat House is full of Construction debris. looks stripped and plundered  
Met fans of Nivetha Pethuraj. filled with retentive and ready memories 
Met a Accountant who claimed he knew the location of Monal Naval 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Boondhi 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Brunei. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Porur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
A scavenger from Poonamallee hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to கலையோடு கலந்தது உண்மை. helped them man to their feet  
I want to visit Anaiyur and Vaigai Dam someday 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a a small hill. passed through the site 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Oodha Colour Ribbon 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Arcot Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Vietnam. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
passed through building in Mylapore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Adiyei manam nillunaa nikkadhadi 
We arrived at the outskirts of Gopalapuram the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anushka Shetty lives in Vattaparai Falls 
a begging old lady from Cheyyar asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vasundhara Kashyap. could be a decoy 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhoo 
Crossed a field  and found a roadside garage. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Age of empires cracked CD 
I was near Phoenix mall but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Porn Clips 
passed through building in Minjur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram fandom 
We arrived at the outskirts of Aminjikarai the weather is almost unbearable, Motionless and precise 
At a metro station I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A man begging for food from Sankarankoil told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Saidapet. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Madipakkam. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Raided Kalashetra with Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam. We found Manga Soru and Book on Preserving Fish Meat. I advised them to ration their foods 
What woke me up today was the sound of மேகம் தான் இதில் மழையே playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kara Sevu 
spotted hostile members of The Droplets near Chetpet lake. girlfriend asked me to hold Ceramic Jar of Numbing Agent and readied her grenade 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj M80. took a ride around Vadapalani listening to Ellam Inba Mayam (1955) songs  
At a poisonous lake we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I was near Raj Bhavan but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Raided Anna Centenary Library with TNEB employees club. We found Mutton Biriyani and Scrap Metal. I advised them to ration their foods 
mind was filled with strong and apprehensive memories. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Ran out of box of spoiled chocolates. Time to join Cult of the Alwarpet 
spotted hostile members of The tribe of Trichy  near Kannagi statue. girlfriend asked me to hold Empty Grenade and readied her depth charge 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Activa 6G 
It took two days to cross Park Town. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. wished them luck 
At a train station I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
Prakash Raj fan club have taken over Adambakkam 
Fans of Vikram Prabhu kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. digitalized molecular memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Drove around Royapettah listening to Idam Porul Yeval songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. no sign of life around 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Arcot. hiked back down to the highway 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pattaravakkam the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Arrived at NPKRR Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Anand fan club have taken over Otteri 
High court building is full of unexploded deadly bombs . Maybe should go take a look 
There is a rumour that Remya Nambeesan fandom now occupies Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
Visited Basin Bridge. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Anna Salai. hiked back down to the highway 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Drove around Madhavaram listening to 2.0 songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing லாலா கட சாந்தி. they think we are not real 
A scavenger told me he beleives Regina Cassandra lives in Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Aari action figures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a SETC Ultra deluxe. took a ride around China Bazaar Road listening to Raja Rani songs  
Met fans of Vikram Prabhu. we cooked and dined on Chicken 65 biryani 
Drove around Ayanavaram listening to Anegan songs. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Harish Kalyan 
raided DPI Complex in search of Three Musketeers (Alexandre Dumas). feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
A scavenger told me he beleives Divya Spandana lives in Aintharuvi 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Murungakeerai poriyal 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I live like an animal 
Raided N V Natarajan Maaligai with Cult of CEG. We found Iraal milagu varuval and Religious Talisman. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger told me he beleives Divya Bharthi lives in Dharmaraja Ratha 
I want to visit Maraimalainagar and Poigai Dam someday 
I considered eating Mutton kuzhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Hariharan fandom now wander the wasteland of Perungudi. They seek Stick of Chaulk 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Trisha 
Poonam Bajwa fan club have taken over Korukkupet 
Ran out of Flute (Roll vs Luck for intact). Time to join Mugilivakkam Mortals 
when I find halberd I will go visit Sothuparai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Guindy Race Course is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Israel. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Cult of the Alwarpet now wander the wasteland of Thuraipakkam in search of Nikhila Vimal bobble heads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Weight checking machine 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vanagaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship yogi babu 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Manthra 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Democratic Republic of the Congo. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Oracles of Surya sivakumar now wander the wasteland of Madhavaram Milk Colony in search of Sunaina bobble heads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at Government Museum. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Arrived at Karishma Pani Poori shop. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
In empty pond we found a Jump Starting Cables in a a roadside garage 
Visited Sowcarpet. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A woman from Tiruvarur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumarakottam Temple. that is definitely a bait 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
mind was filled with vague memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
hurt old man from Vandavasi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nikhila Vimal. handed them some choclates 
In dried up liver we found a Flask of Vodka in a a roadside garage 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nalli elumbu masala 
I considered eating Meen puli muzham. desperate time desperate measures 
Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
Crossed a forest and found An old doghouse. hiked back down to the highway 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay 
spotted hostile members of Rayappan revival cult near Greams road fruit shop. girlfriend asked me to hold Library Book Slip (well overdue) and readied her Maxim machine gun 
Met a Hairdresser who claimed he knew the location of Nazriya Nazim 
Passed through train station and came upon a scary woods. sat there and ate leftovers 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Tamannaah 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Sonapareeya 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Pulianthope. we have never been here before 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Kangeyam. It was getting dark fast 
Met fans of Kathir. filled with scant awful memories 
I want to visit Pudukkottai and Shore Temple someday 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to உன் பேரை சொல்லும் போதே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
At a poisonous lake I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai now wander the wasteland of George Town in search of Regina Cassandra bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mohanlal lives in Adavinainar Dam 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Anna university campus who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Met fans of Sangita. filled with horrible unconscious memories 
Padmanabhapuram Palace is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Rohini theatre who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Priya Anand 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madipakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
At a the highest ground I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There were signs in hippy language 
A scavenger from Pudukkottai a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Fans of Saravanan	 kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. deepest and oldest memories 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Uzbekistan. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them luck 
In junction we found a Frame in a abandoned roadworks site 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Aval paayasam 
Gingee Fort is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Pollachi. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Activa 6G. took a ride around Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram listening to Manmadha Leelai songs  
Feeling sad. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sid Sriram lives in Gangaikonda Cholapuram 
Lost track of what day it is. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
mind was filled with maddeningly nebulous memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
I was near Alsa mall but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank bagpiper. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Vendhaya keerai kadalai poriyal 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Didingul Thalapakkati who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
Upper Anaicut is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with back bad memories. I live like an animal 
At the edge of Sowcarpet we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. had a bad dream 
mind was filled with retentive and accurate memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
There is a rumour that Arulnithi fandom now occupies Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai 
At a muddy road I everything is just motionless and gray 
At the edge of Chitlapakkam we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Nandanam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vidharth lives in Vattakottai Fort 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Meen maanga curry 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Peravallur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive in Gangai amaran supremacy 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Ayanavaram. we have never been here before 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing அஞ்சல் பெட்டியைக். they are scared 
Adavinainar Dam is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
raided Westin in search of Lord of the Rings. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ekkaduthangal the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
Camped at a a stone wall in Chennai Bypass. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a scary graveyard in Pulianthope. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. let me just mind my buisness 
camped at Valluvar Kottam and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ritchie Street 
A boy from Vellakoil told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Madras Motor Race Track. handed them some choclates 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
Radhika Apte fan club have taken over Fort St. George 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
when I find Thompson submachine gun I will go visit Orathuppalayam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tharamani 
Apollo hospital is full of Radioactive waste. Maybe should go take a look 
I was near Thalamuthu Natarajan Building but couldnt see it due to Squall line 
There is a rumour that Sonia Agarwal fandom now occupies Guindy Race Course 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Arachivitta kozhi curry 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hunter beer. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Passed through highway and came upon a a stone wall. rummaged through the outsides 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to சின்னப்பயலே. Told I wont hurt them. 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
Passed through forest and came upon a a stone wall. There were signs in hippy language 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chrompet 
Ran out of Vinyl Record (Roll vs Luck for intact). Time to join Mount Road madmen 
camped at DMS Compound and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
At a crossroads we hiked back down to the highway 
Arrived at Burma bazzar. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
Drove around Korattur listening to Sumaithaangi songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Ghana. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Crossed a junction and found a roadside garage. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Trisha 
Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
Kannagi statue is full of Polluted water. There were signs in hippy language 
There is a rumour that Jyothika fandom now occupies Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
Fans of Kasthuri kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hazy memories 
Found a desolate barn in Choolaimedu. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive mysskin will save the world 
Wolves of Otteri now wander the wasteland of Santhome in search of Anjali bobble heads 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
What woke me up today was the sound of பூவுக்குள் ஒளிந்திருக்கும் playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mor Kuzhambu 
Met a Cashier who claimed he knew the location of Lakshmi Menon 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Raai Laxmi 
Panchapandava Cave Temple is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Vaibhav fan club have taken over Wallajah Road 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
In dried up liver we found a Radraoch Carapace in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puliyodarai 
Coutrallam Falls is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
A girl from Tambaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gingee Fort. they think we are not real 
I considered eating Vatha kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nivetha Pethuraj 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sharbat 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Manoj Bharathiraja 
It took two days to cross Pattabiram. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nemilichery. We stayed off the road as we hear Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai are out in full force 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to boys 
Mumtaz fan club have taken over Mount-Poonamallee Road 
Met fans of Aari. we cooked and dined on Kollu Rasam 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapettah the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
Met fans of Samantha. filled with distant and fond memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Help DVD 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. could be a decoy 
In dirt road we found a camera wrecked beyond repair in a a roadside garage 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near CMDA Towers who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
passed through building in Nandanam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Faith of the Atlee clan 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
camped at Perambur station and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
At a empty pond I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
passed through building in Chintadripet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Reincarnated Ramnad order 
when I find pistol I will go visit Courtallam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near Kaligambal mess but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
A girl from Thiruverkadu told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Hogenakkal Falls. they are scared 
passed through building in Cenotaph Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aishwarya Rajesh fandom 
passed through building in Choolaimedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Preetha Vijayakumar fandom 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒட்டு ராசா playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A boy from Kangeyam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Hogenakkal Eco Tourism. could be a decoy 
I want to visit Rajapalayam and Guru Nanak College Ground someday 
Crossed a a river  and found half burnt neighbourhood. . everything is just motionless and gray 
Drove around Kodambakkam listening to Anandha Jodhi songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. wished them better things 
A scavenger from Erode A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
We arrived at the outskirts of Padi the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Abhirami action figures 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Shenoy Nagar in search of Sivakarthikeyan bobble heads 
passed through building in Ranganathan Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SBOA fanatics 
In a barn we found a Manequin Head in a deserted supermarket 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bindu Madhavi action figures 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu 
A scavenger from Sathyamangalam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Visited Chitlapakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
At the edge of T. Nagar we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Vimal 
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
At a field  I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
passed through building in Raj Bhavan that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divya Bharthi fandom 
Camped at a a stone wall in Mangadu. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Teynampet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship yogi babu 
Simran fan club have taken over Alapakkam 
mind was filled with dim  memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
mind was filled with hazy memories. had a bad dream 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Octavia Hatchback 
Reema Sen fandom now wander the wasteland of Sowcarpet. They seek gulb jamun mix 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Chivas Regal. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Tamannaah action figures 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Maraimalainagar. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sholavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive favor a fairly simple life 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kazhipattur. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Roman reigns are out in full force 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vandalur. We stayed off the road as we hear Faith of the Atlee clan are out in full force 
passed through building in Vanagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tribe of Tharamani 
passed through building in Peerkankaranai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Preetha Vijayakumar fandom 
Thalamuthu Natarajan Building is full of nuclear reactor fuel. walked up to find any tracks 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj M80. took a ride around Minjur listening to Purusha lakshanam songs  
Meera Jasmine fan club have taken over Ambattur 
guindy national park is full of Toxic smog. entered from on the far side 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Spectrum mall who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a scary graveyard. rummaged through the outsides 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anandhi. we briefly discussed about old times. foggy  memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Kattivakkam. we have never been here before 
There is an increasing amount of demand for good day biscuit 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a a roadside garage. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Senegal. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Fans of Kajal Aggarwal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
passed through building in Meenambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by False Prophet Gang 
Met fans of Sangeetha. filled with naturally retentive memories 
spotted hostile members of Myskkin Brotherhood near Gemini bridge. girlfriend asked me to hold Sewing Needle and readied her club 
passed through building in Nandanam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Shruti Haasan	 fandom 
spotted hostile members of Verithanam Vimal cult near Ganga Chats. girlfriend asked me to hold Deathclaw Claw and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Wall Tax Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Poorna fan club have taken over Maduravoyal 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Korattur. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Prashanth. we briefly discussed about old times. awful and rancid memories 
Jyothika fan club have taken over Ranganathan Street 
Ran out of duty jacket. Time to join The Villupuram sanctuary cult 
Raided IIT campus with TNSTC fanatics. We found Urulai podimaas and Funnel. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Engayum Eppothum (remix) 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Carlsberg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Karuvepillai Soru 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Sowcarpet. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive that a great queen will give them rebirth as powerful agents of darkness 
Camped at a a small hill in Vallalar Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met fans of Sonia Agarwal. we cooked and dined on Puliyodarai 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI. took a ride around Pammal listening to Aathi Parasakthi songs  
spotted hostile members of The Legion of Mogappair near Hyatt regency. girlfriend asked me to hold full of tongue depressors and readied her antiaircraft gun 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Pepper rasam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Taapsee Pannu. we briefly discussed about old times. vague memories 
when I find handgun I will go visit Bhavanisagar dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I want to visit Tirunelveli and Thirumoorthy Dam someday 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of Noombal in search of Lakshmi Menon bobble heads 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to தென்றலே தென்றலே. they think we are not real 
 hurt old lady from Surampatti asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Harish Raghavendra. they are scared 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Thirumullaivoyal. we have never been here before 
Travelling with girlfriend to Government Estate. We stayed off the road as we hear Vetrimaran veriyans are out in full force 
passed through building in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suriya fandom 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Kara Sevu 
Sangeetha fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai Bypass. They seek Can Opener 
Feeling sad. everything is just dim and shapeless 
At the edge of Adyar we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
Indian Cement Company Ground is filled with Aeroplane debris according to a survivor I met today 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Mohini 
Singaravelar Maligai is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. There were signs in hippy language 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Kallakurichi. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
passed through building in Teynampet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Scion of SA Rajkumar 
Verithanam Vimal cult now wander the wasteland of Armenian Street in search of Gopika bobble heads 
camped at Phoenix mall and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
passed through building in Pattaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Pranitha fandom 
Crossed a dirt road and found a stone wall. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Passed through crossroads and came upon a scary woods. Maybe should go take a look 
Ran out of Begonia. Time to join Oracles of Roman reigns 
A boy from Jayankondam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Erumbeeswarar Temple. could be a decoy 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Somalia. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
a begging old lady from Thoothukudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vineeth. wished them luck 
There is an increasing amount of demand for bussvaanam 
At the edge of United India Colony we sat in the Renault Triber Wagon to rest. had a bad dream 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Chicken chettinad 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. wished them luck 
At a MTC bus stop I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
raided Phoenix mall in search of The Departed DVD. trekked on till almost dark 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pozhichalur 
Met fans of Radhika Apte. filled with fond memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay 
I considered eating Thengai paal meen curry. desperate time desperate measures 
At a barren land we noticed dog followed us for two days 
It took two days to cross Park Town. air is growing thin each passing day 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Chitlapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangita 
In long hill we found a Pack of Flour in a deserted supermarket 
A scavenger from Vandavasi a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sanghavi. we briefly discussed about old times. distinct and wondrous memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Puzhal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive talk in a strange manner where lips move before any sound is heard 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nethili meen curry 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Titanic Food Corner who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Fans of Chandini Tamilarasan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vivid and well-trained memories 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ஓ ஆயியே ஆயியே. wished them luck 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near MGR Memorial who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Vattakottai Fort is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
The Thoothukudi Fallen now wander the wasteland of Nesapakkam in search of Lakshmi Menon bobble heads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Before Sunset DVD 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruneermalai 
It took two days to cross Parrys Corner. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I was near Burma bazzar Atho Man but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Chintadripet listening to Aavarampoo songs  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra XUV500 W5 
Sid Sriram Mutants now wander the wasteland of Alapakkam in search of Ajmal Ameer bobble heads 
I was near Burma bazzar Atho Corner but couldnt see it due to Lenticular Clouds 
At the edge of Thuraipakkam we sat in the KTM Duke 200 to rest. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Easwari Rao. we cooked and dined on Naatu kozhi rasam 
passed through building in Annanur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance 
Met a Dietitian who claimed he knew the location of Vimal 
Met fans of Radhika Apte. we cooked and dined on Sweet pongal 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alwarthirunagar. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
mind was filled with astonishingly retentive memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
when I find coastal artillery I will go visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A man from Salem told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Government Museum, Karur. Told I wont hurt them. 
weird looking bearded man from Virudhachalam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Rambha. Told I wont hurt them. 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Kia Carnival Premium. took a ride around Korattur listening to Moondru Mugam songs  
Raided Subway with Sholinganallur Syndicate. We found Prawn briyani and Drum Cymbal. I advised them to ration their foods 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly rogue waves. I live like an animal 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Xylo 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sherin 
when I find repeating rifle I will go visit Fort Vijf Sinnen and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Camped at a scary woods in Perumbakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a barren land we woke in the cold dark coughing 
It took two days to cross Pattaravakkam. Everything is gray as my heart 
A man from Tiruvarur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Varattupallam Dam. let me just mind my buisness 
We arrived at the outskirts of Shenoy Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
A scavenger from Kambam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. handed them a cane 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
In junction we found a Taxadermied Cat in a scary woods 
Ran out of Guitar. Time to join The Deviants 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they think we are not real 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Samudhrakani worshippers now wander the wasteland of Manapakkam in search of Kajal Aggarwal bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Arulnithi action figures 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing செங்காடே சிறுகரடே. Id give them half of my food 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Keerthy Suresh. we briefly discussed about old times. a trip/walk down memory lane 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in KTM Duke 200 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a a roadside garage. entered from on the far side 
We arrived at the outskirts of Injambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
Camped at a garden shed in Saidapet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Stella marys college is full of Radioactive waste. walked up to find any tracks 
mind was filled with cruelest and bitterest memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Kajal Aggarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Tiruvallikeni. They seek Drum Stick 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. should just curse god and stop existing 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kamal Haasan lives in Aathupalayam Dam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nandu omelette 
I want to visit Tirunelveli and Perunchani Dam someday 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Dulquer Salmaan 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Leela palace who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Found a aluminum houses in Smith Road. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive Sivaji ganesan will be reincarneted and will save them from misery 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mount Road the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
camped at Theosophical society and had Chivas Regal. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
Found a scary graveyard in Vanagaram. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who search for Willbur a legendary singer 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Burkina Faso. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Southern spice who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Peerkankaranai 
We arrived at the outskirts of Poonamallee the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Raided MGR Memorial with The Reincarnated Ramnad order. We found Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) and Steering Wheel. I advised them to ration their foods 
At a flyover we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kizhangu pottalam 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a a roadside garage. There were signs in hippy language 
Camped at a scary woods in K.K. Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Aintharuvi is filled with Volcanic lava according to a survivor I met today 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Nanmangalam. we have never been here before 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ranjitha 
In train station we found a Rolling Pin in a old batboard smokehouse 
Passed through long hill and came upon a scary woods. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Ilaiyaraaja fandom now wander the wasteland of Korukkupet. They seek Rusty Straight Razor 
Ran out of Religious Talisman. Time to join The Legion of Mogappair 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank BIRA 91. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In forest we found a Radscorpion Stinger in a old batboard smokehouse 
Ran out of Tennis Ball. Time to join The Devotee of Dhanush 
when I find Springfield rifle I will go visit MGR Race Course Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour that Shanthanu Bhagyaraj fandom now occupies Olakkannesvara Temple 
Visited Red Hills. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Wild hurricane. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Kodambakkam. we have never been here before 
We arrived at the outskirts of Maduravoyal the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
passed through building in West Mambalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Hermits of Pallavaram 
spotted hostile members of The tribe of Trichy  near Spencer plaza. girlfriend asked me to hold Water Damaged Oil Painting and readied her Springfield rifle 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing மார்கழிப் பூவே. wished them better things 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Slovakia. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Raj Bhavan. hiked back down to the highway 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Pattabiram listening to Pavithra songs  
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for hero ink pen 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing காதல் மட்டும் புரிவதல்லை. let me just mind my buisness 
I was near guindy national park but couldnt see it due to European windstorms 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Didingul Thalapakkati who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a A burned house. walked up to find any tracks 
camped at Anjapper and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
At the edge of Tondiarpet we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar 150 to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Naatu Kozhi kuzhambu 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them a cane 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Fans of Amy Jackson kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. horrible unconscious memories 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. looks stripped and plundered  
I want to visit Panruti and Gaur Vellaiyan Falls someday 
A scavenger told me he beleives Divya Spandana lives in Varattupallam Dam 
A scavenger from Thanjavur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Anju Aravind fan club have taken over Sardar Patel Road 
passed through building in Ambattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Andrea Jeremiah fandom 
Arrived at Poomalai Commercial Complex. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Deeyalo Deeyalo 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Cuisine 
I considered eating Nethili meen curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Visited Mathur. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found abandoned roadworks site. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
mind was filled with hideous and nightmarish memories. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Taj coromandel who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
I considered eating Aatukkal paaya. desperate time desperate measures 
spotted hostile members of Old Ruins Federation near Anna nagar tower park. girlfriend asked me to hold Old catalogs  and readied her shrapnel 
There is a rumour that Piaa Bajpai fandom now occupies Varattupallam Dam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Parvathy lives in Manimuthar Dam 
passed through building in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Atharvaa fandom 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Raided Dosart with Myskkin Brotherhood. We found Soya kozhambu and Pilot Light. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger told me he beleives Amala Paul lives in Kamaraj Sagar Dam 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to நியூயியர். helped them man to their feet  
At a flyover we feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
when I find assault rifle I will go visit Koraiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Dharmapuri. walked the littered streets carefully 
I was near crocodile bank but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
At a flyover we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Pistah 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a scary graveyard. There were signs in hippy language 
when I find halberd I will go visit Agasthiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a An old doghouse in Thiruvanmiyur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who dress up as Kattappa 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
Ranjankudi Fort is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
St. Mary's Church, Chennai is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Seychelles. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
a dying old lady from Nagapattinam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ranjitha. handed them some choclates 
I want to visit Oddanchatram and Orathuppalayam Dam someday 
What woke me up today was the sound of கைபேசி எண் கூட playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
A scavenger told me he beleives Atharvaa lives in Ganesha Ratha 
I considered eating Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
It took two days to cross Armenian Street. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
In dry lake we found a Jar full of Spider Webs in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
It took two days to cross Minjur. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
camped at Chettinad palace and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
camped at Valluvar Kottam and had Budeweiser. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Lost track of what day it is. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Found a a small hill in Mount Road. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive Samuthrakani is one and only messiah 
What woke me up today was the sound of டிசம்பர் மாதத்து playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Senegal. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. wished them luck 
we sat by the side of the Chennai Suburban Railway station and ate the last of the Pasiparuppu paaysam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Arulnithi. we briefly discussed about old times. living memories of closed ones 
At a MTC bus stop we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Karur. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
I want to visit Bodinayakanur and Hogenakkal Falls someday 
Fans of Divya Spandana kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. horrible unconscious memories 
passed through building in Gopalapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijayalakshmi fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
raided Thendral Valaagam in search of Kill a Mockingbird. hiked back down to the highway 
Found a a stone wall in Padi. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who build statues for AR Rahman 
camped at Forum viajaya mall and had Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. Too many thoughts on mind. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Mathur. we have never been here before 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Aari 
We arrived at the outskirts of Aminjikarai the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
What woke me up today was the sound of அழகே அழகே playing in distance. I live like an animal 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Perungalathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Denims 
Raided Vivekanadar illam with Oracles of Salem. We found Kozhi vellai kuruma and stack of coupons in a small grocery store basket. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a a dying old lady singing எல்லேலாமா ஏலே. could be a decoy 
spotted hostile members of CSK revival cult near Devi theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold old hammer that has tally marks carved in its wooden handle and readied her grapeshot 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. had a bad dream 
Travelling with girlfriend to Madipakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Mysskin clan are out in full force 
At a train station we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Ciaz. took a ride around Gopalapuram listening to Kakkai Siraginilae songs  
At the edge of Minjur we sat in the Renault Triber Wagon to rest. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Nungambakkam Chat shop is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. decided to camped there 
In highway we found a Torn Skeleton in a scary woods 
raided CMWSSB Buildings in search of Heights. trekked on till almost dark 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Washermanpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Manipol 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Saligramam. we have never been here before 
Passed through field  and came upon a a small hill. decided to camped there 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Chinnamanur. everything is just motionless and gray 
Hogenakkal Falls is filled with Overflow of Wood preserving wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Drove around Nemilichery listening to Thani Oruvan songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
I want to visit Gobichettipalayam and Krishnagiri Dam someday 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Crossed a a barn and found An old doghouse. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nikki Galrani. we briefly discussed about old times. dim subliminal memories 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Fans of Vijay Sethupathi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. nostalgic feeling 
It took two days to cross George Town. everything is just dim and shapeless 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Paniyaram 
At a round about I everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Iyyapanthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dinesh fandom 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tiruvallikeni 
when I find halberd I will go visit Kanadukathan Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Eranavur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pasiparuppu paaysam 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a A burned house. Maybe should go take a look 
I want to visit Jayankondam and Kanadukathan Palace someday 
mind was filled with vague physiological memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a deserted supermarket. looks stripped and plundered  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Told I wont hurt them. 
A scavenger from Vellore a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Aishwarya Rajesh fandom now wander the wasteland of Vallalar Nagar. They seek Timebomb Clock 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Subway who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Surya sivakumar near Thalamuthu Natarajan Building. girlfriend asked me to hold Motorcycle Handbrake and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Met fans of Shruthi Ramakrishnan. we cooked and dined on Keera kadaisal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Kovilambakkam. we have never been here before 
A girl from Tiruchirappalli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai. helped them man to their feet  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sridevi Vijayakumar action figures 
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Haricharan 
Travelling with girlfriend to Madambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance are out in full force 
Met fans of Raai Laxmi. filled with deepest and oldest memories 
Drove around Eranavur listening to Kudiyirundha Koyil songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A young boy with a good voice from Karur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Catatumbo Lightning. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
A man begging for food from Ambasamudram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Jayankondam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Draupadi Ratha is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
thalamuthu natarajan maligai is full of Sand Dunes. Maybe should go take a look 
when I find spear-thrower I will go visit Pechiparai Reservoir and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to வாங்க வாங்க கோபலைய்யா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
At a a river  we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
A man begging for food from Kanyakumari told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aari. we briefly discussed about old times. back wistful memories 
SVCE syndicate now wander the wasteland of Ekkaduthangal in search of Meena bobble heads 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Classic 350 
Arrived at Park Hyatt. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in SETC Ultra deluxe 
St. Mary's Church, Chennai is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
spotted hostile members of The Freaks near Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Teeth 1d12 and readied her mortar 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Amy Jackson 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a garden shed. entered from on the far side 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in United India Colony. we have never been here before 
Ran out of Holotape of Missile Launch Codes. Time to join Neo-Mysskin clan 
What woke me up today was the sound of சிறு சிறுவென விறு playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Sodakku mela 
passed through building in Nolambur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dharmapuri doomsday cult 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near George town who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a garden shed. looks stripped and plundered  
It took two days to cross Nungambakkam. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Hariharan 
At a highway we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ayanavaram 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to அட்சி புட்சி கதுகிச்சு. that is definitely a bait 
Met fans of Suriya. filled with foggy  memories 
mind was filled with old and evidently precious memories. no sign of life around 
Bhumika Chawla fan club have taken over Park Town 
At a muddy road we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around Armenian Street listening to Neerparavai songs  
Fans of Vijay Sethupathi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. incredible peripheral memories 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Tufidco Powerfin Tower who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pattabiram. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Arrived at Adyar eco park. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Xylo 
passed through building in Adambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Alwarpet 
Drove around Chennai city listening to Deiva Magan songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Moolakadai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
Ran out of dentist chair that seems to have been converted to a makeshift recliner. Time to join The Warheads of Walajah road 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found An old doghouse. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
raided Alwarpet Dakshin in search of Project IGI CD. everything is just motionless and gray 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj V 
Camped at a a stone wall in Kattupakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Ran out of Dentures. Time to join The Hermits of Pallavaram 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Vijayalakshmi 
camped at Vaishnavi Idli Kadai and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. I live like an animal 
I considered eating Agathi keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
At the edge of Mudichur we sat in the Land Rover Range Rover Sport to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
At the edge of MGR Nagar we sat in the MG Hector to rest. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Taapsee Pannu. we briefly discussed about old times. catchy memories 
I considered eating Ambur Mutton biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
I was near Ajnabi Mithai Ghar but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
At a a barn we It was getting dark fast 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Government Museum, Pudukkottai someday 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pasiparuppu paaysam 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to கொஞ்சம் நிலவு. wished them better things 
Raided Leela palace with The Prodigy of Perungudi. We found Nei appam and upended desk that has indecipherable gibberish carved on ever inch of it. I advised them to ration their foods 
Drove around Pattaravakkam listening to Desiya Geetham songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Raided Westin with Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance. We found Kozhi pachai curry and Tree Sap. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Naveen Chandra fan club have taken over Wallajah Road 
A scavenger told me he beleives Meera Jasmine lives in Aathupalayam Dam 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Ashok Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI. took a ride around Santhome listening to Apoorva Piravikal songs  
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a a roadside garage. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Reema Sen 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bindu Madhavi. we briefly discussed about old times. dim and diffuse memories 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Madras war cementary who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for colored drinks that ancients called pespi 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Maduravoyal. we have never been here before 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaaramani puli kozhambu 
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. we cooked and dined on Arachivitta kozhi curry 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kottur 
Drove around Pattabiram listening to Devar Magan songs. made a last tour of the place 
I was near Gemini bridge but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
Ran out of Wanted Poster. Time to join New Prophet League 
There is a rumour that Gayathrie fandom now occupies Gomukhinadhi Reservoir 
I want to visit Walajapettai and Katary Falls someday 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Beetroot poriyal 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Morocco. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A scavenger from Coimbatore a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Ran out of Baseball. Time to join Pure blood poraligal 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to என்ன ஆச்சு என்னக்கு. could be a decoy 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anuya Bhagvath 
Met a hurt old man singing வாத்தி ரைடு. let me just mind my buisness 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Maraimalainagar. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings is full of Overflow of Wood preserving wastes. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Arrived at Makk Bhajji Shop. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra MOJO 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Asin action figures 
I considered eating Keera kadaisal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sonia Agarwal 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Ciaz. took a ride around MGR Nagar listening to Kumki songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Medavakkam. everything is just motionless and gray 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki WagonR. took a ride around MGR Nagar listening to Asuran songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chintadripet. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Tamannaah 
Arrived at Burma bazzar Atho Man. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Met a a poor young boy singing சுனந்தா சுனந்தா. let me just mind my buisness 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nikhila Vimal 
raided TNHB Shopping Complex in search of Before Sunset DVD. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Tale of Two Cities (Charles Dickens) 
A scavenger from Nallur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
What woke me up today was the sound of முத்து நிலவே தித்திக்கின்றதே playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Fort St. George. we have never been here before 
At a muddy road I trekked on till almost dark 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
Citizens of Chengalpets now wander the wasteland of MGR Nagar in search of Dulquer Salmaan bobble heads 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found old batboard smokehouse. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
In field  we found a with straps and long plastic tubes connected to the sides in a godown covered with ash and dust 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Thiruvarangam who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
A scavenger told me he beleives Divya Bharthi lives in Government Museum, Karur 
 hurt old lady from Periyasemur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Meen puli muzham 
Raided crocodile bank with Dhoni vizhudhugal. We found Pepper rasam and Tree Sap. I advised them to ration their foods 
spotted hostile members of The Droplets near Sangam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Shot Glass and readied her submachine gun 
Met a hurt old man singing அத்தினி சித்தினி. helped them man to their feet  
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a desolate barn. decided to camped there 
What woke me up today was the sound of யூனிவேர்சல் காப் playing in distance. no sign of life around 
camped at Napiers bridge and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Drove around Chetput listening to Nimir songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Piaa Bajpai. we briefly discussed about old times. prenatal memories 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing மயக்கமோ மயக்கமோ. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I considered eating Kothamalli Pudina Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Trisha 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sembakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
Drove around Sembakkam listening to Nimir songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Passed through junction and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shalini 
There is a rumour that Aishwarya fandom now occupies Delhi Gate (Vellore) 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Mulberry star Burma Atho shop who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Guardians of the Galaxy DVD 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found A burned house. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A woman from Palladam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kalingarayan Anicut. helped them man to their feet  
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Feeling sad. no sign of life around 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Priyamani 
Prashanth fandom now wander the wasteland of IIT Madras. They seek Knife 
spotted hostile members of The Villupuram sanctuary cult near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks. girlfriend asked me to hold Railroad Spike and readied her bola 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Drumstick Sambar  
Raided CMDA Towers with Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai. We found Beetroot poriyal and Bottle of Antivenom. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Doll DVD 
spotted hostile members of The Warheads of Walajah road near Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. girlfriend asked me to hold Small Energy Cell and readied her bombs 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pallikaranai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
What woke me up today was the sound of பூவுறங்குது பொழுதும் playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a A man begging for food singing வாரணம் ஆயிரம் சூழ. could be a decoy 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Rapid. took a ride around Thiruvanmiyur listening to Navarathinam songs  
raided Madras war cementary in search of Down - Richard Adams. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
A man begging for food from Kovilpatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
A young boy with a good voice from Pallipalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Urulai Soru 
Ilaiyaraaja fan club have taken over Nesapakkam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dinesh lives in Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. It is better to be alone 
I considered eating Chicken Chinthamani. desperate time desperate measures 
spotted hostile members of Ex-IT exodus  near Hilton. girlfriend asked me to hold Deepavali Ornaments and readied her machine gun 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
I was near marina beach but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
We arrived at the outskirts of Adambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met fans of Gaana Bala. filled with wistful memories 
Raided Panagal park with Brotherhood of Santhome. We found Senai kizhangu poriyal and Farmers Almanac 2077. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raided Express avenue with Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda. We found Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy and Plunger. I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Suvaluxmi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. short-term eidetic memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Alwarthirunagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Pure blood poraligal are out in full force 
Kovilpatti Coalition now wander the wasteland of Cenotaph Road in search of Saravanan	 bobble heads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Raided Southern spice with TNSTC fanatics. We found Chicken pakoda and Human Remains. I advised them to ration their foods 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vaibhav 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Abbas. we briefly discussed about old times. painful or uncomfortable memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj V. took a ride around Korattur listening to Unnai Ninaithu songs  
A woman from Gudalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Poigai Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
At a dry lake we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A scavenger told me he beleives Manthra lives in Adavinainar Dam 
Met fans of Anuya Bhagvath. we cooked and dined on Kizhangu pottalam 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Easwari Rao action figures 
Vattakottai Fort is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
A young boy with a good voice from Cuddalore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Radhika Apte. let me just mind my buisness 
spotted hostile members of GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance near Subway. girlfriend asked me to hold paper plates and readied her sword 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
Drove around Peters Road listening to Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
There is an increasing amount of demand for House – Charles Dickens 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing கங்கை நதி பொங்கி. that is definitely a bait 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Khasa khasa paayasam 
Met a a poor young boy singing பொன்மேனி உருகுதே. let me just mind my buisness 
Drove around Alapakkam listening to Arasa Kattalai songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
mind was filled with naturally retentive memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
There is an increasing amount of demand for DVD 
Crossed a metro station and found scary graveyard. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. rummaged through the outsides 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Works of Shakespeare 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Ennore. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
In the highest ground we found a Deck of Playing Cards (Marked) in a a stone wall 
At the edge of Mathur we sat in the Renault Triber Wagon to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Devi theatre is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. There are no tracks in the mud around 
spotted hostile members of Reveleation of Rajapalayam near Anna university campus. girlfriend asked me to hold old dartboard and a set of darts that seem to have been packed to take with the residents of the area but ultimately were left behind and readied her Paris Gun 
Lost track of what day it is. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I want to visit Devakottai and Mahishasuramardini Mandapa someday 
In empty pond we found a Paint Gun in a An old doghouse 
a begging old lady from Pudukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Attur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour that Bhavana fandom now occupies Guindy Race Course 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
I was near Sathyam theatre but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
Preetha Vijayakumar fan club have taken over Peravallur 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
raided Aavin Illam in search of poppins. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Crossed a the highest ground and found garden shed. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MG Hector 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Korattur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
camped at Titanic Food Corner and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of Manali New Town in search of Dviya bobble heads 
Crossed a long hill and found scary graveyard. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னை தெரியுமா playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
What woke me up today was the sound of மனிஷா மனிஷா playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Radisson blu who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
raided Ajnabi Mithai Ghar in search of red tennis balls. walked the littered streets carefully 
At a poisonous lake I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Guru Nanak College Ground is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
raided Madras war cementary in search of Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. we have never been here before 
weird looking bearded man from Perambalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Gayathrie. we briefly discussed about old times. vague perplexing memories 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
Thalamuthu Natarajan Building is full of Polluted water. Maybe should go take a look 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Devi Sri Prasad action figures 
Raided mayajaal with Cult of the Alwarpet. We found Thattu vadai and Jeans (stonewashed). I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Harish Raghavendra kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Anna nagar starbucks who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . entered from on the far side 
At the edge of Ennore we sat in the Honda Navi to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met fans of Ashok Selvan. we cooked and dined on Iraal masala 
At a dried up liver I noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them a cane 
At a a river  I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Amy Jackson 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a aluminum houses. passed through the site 
At a dirt road I It was getting dark fast 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mangadu. We stayed off the road as we hear The Droplets are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a garden shed. walked up to find any tracks 
I considered eating Soya kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Found a scary graveyard in Ritchie Street. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
The Legion of Lemuria now wander the wasteland of Thirumangalam in search of Shruti Haasan	 bobble heads 
It took two days to cross Fort St. George. feeling half faint and tired 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Before Sunrise DVD 
A young boy with a good voice from Ambasamudram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Jyothika. Id give them half of my food 
when I find trinitrotoluene I will go visit Vattaparai Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Nagercoil. everything is just motionless and gray 
Kanadukathan Palace is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Visited Pulianthope. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
There is a rumour that Nazriya Nazim fandom now occupies Sathanur Dam 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ராகங்கள் பதினாறு. they are scared 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found scary graveyard. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met fans of Sid Sriram. filled with remote warm memories 
mind was filled with deepest and oldest memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Camped at a desolate barn in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Ran out of Suspenders. Time to join Sethupathy sydnicate 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Ramanathapuram. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Fans of Monica kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim and diffuse memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Royal Stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at Statue of Labour. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
I considered eating Ambur chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at Abirami mall. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Found a scary woods in Thuraipakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chepauk there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Anirudh supremacy 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Kasthuri 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Onion Arachu vitta Sambar 
Met fans of Harish Kalyan. filled with unusually retentive memories 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing ஊட்டி மல பியூட்டி. Id give them half of my food 
Drove around Mugalivakkam listening to Jeeva songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Virugambakkam Venerables now wander the wasteland of Santhome in search of Dinesh bobble heads 
At a a barn we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI CLUBMAN Wagon. took a ride around Gerugambakkam listening to Savaale Samaali songs  
Travelling with girlfriend to Porur. We stayed off the road as we hear Coimbatore Confiderates are out in full force 
Travelling with girlfriend to Peters Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Tribe of Tharamani are out in full force 
Passed through barren land and came upon a scary woods. walked up to find any tracks 
a begging old lady from Bodinayakanur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At the edge of Vallalar Nagar we sat in the Honda Amaze to rest. no sign of life around 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a desolate barn. could hear a slack drip of water 
In dirt road we found a Broken Nuka Cola Bottle in a a roadside garage 
Fans of Vijay Antony kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague physiological memories 
Crossed a train station and found old batboard smokehouse. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Puthagaram. we have never been here before 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Moulivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Trisha 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Namitha 
At a nasty lake I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nesapakkam. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
A young boy with a good voice from Anakaputhur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Jyothika. wished them better things 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Pulsar. took a ride around Tiruverkadu listening to Tik Tik Tik songs  
passed through building in Perambur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sri Divya fandom 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met fans of Gaana Bala. we cooked and dined on Chow chow poriyal 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Santhome 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Reema Sen 
A woman from Kayalpattinam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Cuddalore Government Museum. they think we are not real 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Noombal. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
A scavenger told me he beleives Regina Cassandra lives in Dharmaraja Ratha 
What woke me up today was the sound of எத்தனை பெரிய playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met fans of Sri Divya. filled with short-term eidetic memories 
Visited St.Thomas Mount. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met a Actor who claimed he knew the location of Madhoo 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Madhavaram Milk Colony. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a forest I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I was near Marine Beach Road but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
The Devotee of Dhanush now wander the wasteland of Velachery in search of Priya Anand bobble heads 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
It took two days to cross Pammal. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Statue of Labour is full of nuclear waste. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a empty pond we trekked on till almost dark 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஓ பேபி கம் வித் மி. that is definitely a bait 
TNEB employees club now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam in search of Abbas bobble heads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for monacco biscuit 
Found a deserted supermarket in Tiruverkadu. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
Camped at a a small hill in Purasaiwalkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
passed through building in Valasaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tnagar terrors 
spotted hostile members of Kovilpatti Coalition near crocodile bank. girlfriend asked me to hold Soap and readied her lance 
Arrived at Vaishnavi Idli Kadai. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Drove around Parrys Corner listening to Arunachalam songs. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
We arrived at the outskirts of Minjur the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Manisha Koirala fan club have taken over Pazhavanthangal 
Passed through highway and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met fans of Rambha. filled with own meaningful memories 
A man from Kanchipuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aintharuvi. that is definitely a bait 
Vidharth fan club have taken over Chintadripet 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Leela palace who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
I was near Fishermens cove but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Fans of Samuthirakani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. blurred memories 
There is a rumour that Regina Cassandra fandom now occupies Shore Temple 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Anna university campus who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
A scavenger told me he beleives Gayathrie lives in Kiliyur Falls 
A woman from Tirumangalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thalaiyar Falls. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Urulai milagu varuval 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
At a poisonous lake I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Comfy Couch 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vallalar Nagar 
passed through building in Kilpauk that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The tribe of Trichy  
I want to visit TheniAllinagaram and Sivaganga Palace someday 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Naaka Mukka 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Age of empires cracked CD 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring DVD 
Met a Biologist who claimed he knew the location of Gopika 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Janani Iyer 
Found a garden shed in Pattabiram. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
A man begging for food from Pudukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anandhi. wished them better things 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A young boy with a good voice from Kurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Pulianthope that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sangita fandom 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Slovenia. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
when I find cannon I will go visit Panchapandava Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Amala Paul 
At a a barn I noticed cat followed me for three days 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met fans of Udhayanidhi Stalin. we cooked and dined on Puttamudhu 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for House – Charles Dickens 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to What a Karavad 
Vineeth fandom now wander the wasteland of Pudupet. They seek Body Piercing 
At a poisonous lake we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Jithu Jilladi 
Lost track of what day it is. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
a dying old lady from Dharmapuri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Pakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Arrived at Karishma Pani Poori shop. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
raided Taj connemara in search of perk. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
I was near Dakshinchitra but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
I want to visit Pollachi and Solaiyar Dam someday 
Arrived at Dosart. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
passed through building in Vallalar Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion of Mogappair 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Rajnikanth 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Kathivakkam. trekked on till almost dark 
Fans of Sid Sriram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. maddeningly nebulous memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Radhika Apte 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Ganesh Venkatraman 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vallalar Nagar. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Guinea-Bissau. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Perambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a Statistician who claimed he knew the location of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
Raided VR mall with New Teynampet Cooperative cult. We found Onion Arachu vitta Sambar and pack of unopened Baseball cards. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Marina Treat Sea who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
passed through building in Shenoy Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Hermits of Pallavaram 
Ran out of Cylinder of helium enough to fill 30 balloons. Time to join Coimbatore Confiderates 
we sat by the side of the Chennai Suburban Railway station and ate the last of the Kozhi milagu varuval 
Sivakarthikeyan fan club have taken over Karapakkam 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Feastinn  who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Jayankondam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to பெண்ணே பெண்ணே. that is definitely a bait 
In metro station we found a Dartboard in a aluminum houses 
a begging old lady from Vedaranyam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
hurt old man from Valparai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sri Divya. Id give them half of my food 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Samuthirakani. we briefly discussed about old times. vague sketchy memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them some choclates 
mind was filled with vague memories. barren, silent and merciless 
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Hemanth Chats who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
At a barren land we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. that is definitely a bait 
There is a rumour that Bindu Madhavi fandom now occupies Guru Nanak College Ground 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijayalakshmi 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing அல்லி விழி அசைய. let me just mind my buisness 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Keerai Thandu Sambar 
At a metro station I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
At a metro station I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Crossed a a river  and found half burnt neighbourhood. . everything is just motionless and gray 
a dying old lady from Krishnagiri asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Heera Rajgopal. let me just mind my buisness 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Scorpio. took a ride around Broadway listening to Endrendrum Punnagai songs  
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Pulianthope. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who sacrifice of enough ex-IT employees will result in the rebirth of the great Chandrababu 
Met fans of Prakash Raj. filled with foggy  memories 
Crossed a empty pond and found scary woods. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
spotted hostile members of Neo-Mysskin clan near Aavin Illam. girlfriend asked me to hold army knife and readied her Greek fire 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Fans of Lakshmi Menon kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hideous and nightmarish memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னோடு நீ இருந்தால் playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Kalyan lives in Kodiveri dam 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kadalai theeyal 
We arrived at the outskirts of Choolai the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to குயிலே குயிலே பூங்குயிலே. wished them luck 
when I find RDX I will go visit Thalaiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Fort st george who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
Drove around Villivakkam listening to Kazhugu songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Sangeetha 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sketch pen 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A scavenger from Manapparai hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Met a  hurt old lady singing கண்களால் பேசுதம்மா. wished them better things 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. I live like an animal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shanthanu Bhagyaraj action figures 
raided VR mall in search of Joness Diary (Helen Fielding). woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Vijay 
Crossed a forest and found abandoned dumpyard. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken pakoda 
Met fans of Bhavana. we cooked and dined on Kari dosai 
I considered eating Carrot kose poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a Biomedical Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Ashok Selvan 
Delhi Gate (Vellore) is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. wished them luck 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Hansika Motwani. we briefly discussed about old times. uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Met fans of Sanghavi. filled with awful and rancid memories 
Met fans of Gautham Karthik. we cooked and dined on Thirattu paal 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
we sat by the side of the Chennai Suburban Railway station and ate the last of the Paruppu rasam 
Taapsee Pannu fan club have taken over Mugalivakkam 
when I find sword I will go visit Pancha Rathas and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mammootty 
Raided Connemara Public Library with Nungambakkam overlords. We found types of vadai and Restaurant Menu. I advised them to ration their foods 
I was near Anna memorial but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
mind was filled with blurred memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Raided Subway with Selvaraghavan syndicate. We found Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru and Box of Fishing Hooks. I advised them to ration their foods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
There is a rumour that Sameera Reddy fandom now occupies Olakkannesvara Temple 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sangeetha 
spotted hostile members of Tnagar terrors near Park Hyatt. girlfriend asked me to hold MRE and readied her cannon 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mohanlal 
Thendral Valaagam is full of Toxic leachate. Maybe should go take a look 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Cauliflower milagu pirattal 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nei appam 
Found a a small hill in Aminjikarai. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who recite poems written by Snehan 
There is a rumour that Srushti Dange fandom now occupies Amaravathi Dam 
At a round about we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to mela 
At the edge of Tiruverkadu we sat in the Land Rover Range Rover Sport to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Stella marys college who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
Ran out of Manequin Torso. Time to join Sid Sriram Mutants 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nandu rasam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aishwarya. we briefly discussed about old times. digitalized molecular memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thirumangalam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive a new cult religion that preaches dialogue from Saattai and Appa 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Crossed a poisonous lake and found scary woods. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Nivetha Pethuraj 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vendakkaai poriyal 
spotted hostile members of Mugilivakkam Mortals near L.L.A. Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Rocket Toy and readied her M16 rifle 
At a a river  I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
camped at LIC Building and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Kamaraj Memorial House who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
What woke me up today was the sound of கொஞ்சம் உளறி playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
passed through building in Saidapet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Shalini fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Gass Forest Museum and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Manmatha Rasa 
At a muddy road we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Camped at a a stone wall in Government Estate. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ​ஏதோ மாயம். let me just mind my buisness 
Met fans of Prakash Raj. we cooked and dined on Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. Motionless and precise 
Met a  hurt old lady singing என்னோட வா வா. handed them a cane 
In crossroads we found a Beetle Carcasses in a a roadside garage 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vimal lives in Lower Anaicut 
A man begging for food from Sengottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Athulya Ravi. that is definitely a bait 
Visited Rajiv Gandhi Salai. made a last tour of the place 
raided Ampa skywalk in search of candies. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
I want to visit Gudalur and Kumarakottam Temple someday 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a a stone wall. passed through the site 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Raided Chepauk Palace with SRM boyzz. We found Vendhaya Keerai sambar and Vase. I advised them to ration their foods 
Crossed a the highest ground and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . hiked back down to the highway 
a begging old lady from Madurai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Vasundhara Kashyap. we cooked and dined on bonda 
What woke me up today was the sound of எதுக்கு மச்சான் காதலு playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Raided Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex with Scion of SA Rajkumar. We found Murukku and Human Remains. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger told me he beleives Andrea Jeremiah lives in Kuttalam Palace 
I considered eating Egg in spicy coconut and tamarind gravy. desperate time desperate measures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Moolakadai. We stayed off the road as we hear Ilayaraja worshippers are out in full force 
when I find explosive substances I will go visit Chepauk Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Vidharth. filled with short-term eidetic memories 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a desolate barn. could hear a slack drip of water 
In field  we found a Coffee Mug in a abandoned roadworks site 
Met a  hurt old lady singing காற்றில் ஏதோ புது. helped them man to their feet  
Drove around Mandaveli listening to Kuththu songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
Raided Fort St. George (India) with The Warheads of Walajah road. We found Meen karutha curry and Spoon. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Keshav Chaat House is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. entered from on the far side 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a desolate barn. could hear a slack drip of water 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a a small hill. Maybe should go take a look 
I want to visit Tiruvannamalai and District Science Center - Tirunelveli someday 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for Atlas (David Mitchell) 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shriya Saran 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kottur 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. helped them man to their feet  
What woke me up today was the sound of உந்தன் முகில் சுருள் playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
Drove around Ranganathan Street listening to Singam songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
It took two days to cross IIT Madras. I live like an animal 
Met fans of Raai Laxmi. we cooked and dined on Carrot beans thovaran 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Adhaaru adhaaru 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Srushti Dange 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Heartukulla 
Karikalan fandom now wander the wasteland of Rajiv Gandhi Salai. They seek MRE 
At the edge of Avadi we sat in the Aventador SVJ to rest. Everything is gray as my heart 
I considered eating Chicken sukka. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
I considered eating Thirattu paal. desperate time desperate measures 
I want to visit Nallur and Thirumoorthy Dam someday 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapettah the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Canada. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
We arrived at the outskirts of Wall Tax Road the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Visited St.Thomas Mount. walked the littered streets carefully 
At a muddy road we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I want to visit Thiruverkadu and Agaya Gangai someday 
a dying old lady from Aruppukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ajmal Ameer. let me just mind my buisness 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shanthanu Bhagyaraj lives in Vattaparai Falls 
At a field  we hiked back down to the highway 
hurt old man from Idappadi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
weird looking bearded man from Bodinayakanur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Ran out of Religious Talisman. Time to join CSK revival cult 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
hurt old man from Dindigul asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shreya Ghoshal. they think we are not real 
A scavenger from Sivakasi a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Parvathy 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Tiruchirappalli. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at Government Museum. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
mind was filled with own meaningful memories. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Thoothukudi Fallen 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tambaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Mutant Mambalam Republic are out in full force 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anushka Shetty 
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Saravanan	 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
A young boy with a good voice from Aranthangi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Glory of Mumbai Indians cult now wander the wasteland of Vanagaram in search of Prathyusha bobble heads 
Met fans of Anand. we cooked and dined on Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Thiruvanmiyur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive a new cult religion that preaches dialogue from Saattai and Appa 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Thirumangalam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who search the fabled city of Madurai 
There is a rumour that Kathir fandom now occupies Karuppanadhi Dam 
spotted hostile members of Kings of KK Nagar near Ajnabi Mithai Ghar. girlfriend asked me to hold Bowling Pin and readied her Uzi submachine gun 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at St.Thomas Mount 
There is an increasing amount of demand for orange mittai 
There is a rumour that Bindu Madhavi fandom now occupies Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library 
I considered eating Khasa khasa paayasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Crossed a long hill and found scary graveyard. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
spotted hostile members of Scion of Siruthai siva near TNPCB Building. girlfriend asked me to hold parcel of paper with a cover depicting some kind of paradise with frolicking unicorns and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Chepauk listening to Coimbatore Mappillai songs  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chennai Bypass there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a new area 51 type establishment that creates mutant tik-tok artists 
mind was filled with short-term eidetic memories. Motionless and precise 
A woman from Vellore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Amir Mahal. helped them man to their feet  
passed through building in Perambur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bhumika Chawla fandom 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tambaram the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Jafferkhanpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I want to visit Avaniapuram and Pancha Rathas someday 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
At a muddy road I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Sanghavi fandom now wander the wasteland of Vandalur. They seek Rubber 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Laila 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
Kovilpatti Coalition now wander the wasteland of Madipakkam in search of Nivetha Thomas bobble heads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Tiruchirappalli. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
mind was filled with haunting memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sivakarthikeyan. we briefly discussed about old times. maddeningly nebulous memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Ciaz. took a ride around Nanganallur listening to Pennin Manathai Thottu songs  
Crossed a crossroads and found abandoned dumpyard. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perungalathur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a secret organisation that is trying to re-establish Instagram influencers supremacy 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Washermanpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vikram Prabhu 
Crossed a dirt road and found abandoned dumpyard. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met fans of Mohini. filled with deepest and oldest memories 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to அமராவதியே என் ஆசை. handed them some choclates 
Met fans of Naveen Chandra. we cooked and dined on Brinjal Sambar 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them better things 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a deserted supermarket. rummaged through the outsides 
when I find ArmaLite rifle I will go visit Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Suriya fandom now wander the wasteland of Thuraipakkam. They seek Mathematics Book 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinji Soru 
There is an increasing amount of demand for contra video game 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Pallikaranai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Haricharan 
A scavenger told me he beleives Easwari Rao lives in Indian Cement Company Ground 
Ran out of Bicycle Basket. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a scary woods. Maybe should go take a look 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to No money No honey 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anju Aravind lives in Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
passed through building in Mount-Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divya Bharthi fandom 
In metro station we found a Bag of Marbles  in a garden shed 
Camped at a scary woods in Sholinganallur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sivakarthikeyan 
I considered eating Mixed Vegetable Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
At the edge of Raj Bhavan we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Ripon Building who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Kodambakkam. we have never been here before 
At a poisonous lake I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Burma bazzar Atho Man is full of Volcanic lava. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Nazriya Nazim fan club have taken over Virugambakkam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Apocalypse Now DVD 
In train station we found a football in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
In metro station we found a Trombone in a deserted supermarket 
I want to visit Perambalur and Vellore Fort someday 
mind was filled with deepest and oldest memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Pistah 
A scavenger from Surampatti a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
passed through building in Royapettah that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anuradha Sriram lives in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Saligramam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
I considered eating No Onion No garlic Carrot Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Armenian Street. We stayed off the road as we hear ARR Fanatics are out in full force 
Glory of Mumbai Indians cult now wander the wasteland of Sardar Patel Road in search of Shalini bobble heads 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ambur Mutton biryani 
Found a deserted supermarket in Smith Road. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who worship briyani 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Hansika Motwani 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ramavaram the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
We arrived at the outskirts of Peravallur the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
I considered eating Sharbat. desperate time desperate measures 
spotted hostile members of Sid Sriram Mutants near Police headquarters building. girlfriend asked me to hold Urn of Ashes and readied her Sten gun 
Met fans of Chandini Tamilarasan. filled with wistful memories 
passed through building in Pammal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divya Bharthi fandom 
Visited Nungambakkam High Road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
passed through building in Mudichur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Salem 
At the edge of Chepauk we sat in the Bentley Bentayga to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Ambattur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In train station we found a Human Skull in a godown covered with ash and dust 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒன் மேல ஒரு கண்ணு playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ranganathan Street there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya 
Found a a stone wall in Anna Salai. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who want to re-establish the RCB franchise 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kausalya lives in Kutladampatti Falls 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a a stone wall. There were signs in hippy language 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Appy fizz 
It took two days to cross Royapettah. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Visited Kotturpuram. made a last tour of the place 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Hogenakkal Eco Tourism is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Karan action figures 
Met fans of Madhoo. filled with nostalgic feeling 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a secret organisation that is trying to re-establish Instagram influencers supremacy 
Fans of Reema Sen kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. awful and rancid memories 
Raided Ripon Building with Cult of CEG. We found Mango Sambar and relic from the Nuclear age. I advised them to ration their foods 
raided Panagal park in search of contra video game. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
At a MTC bus stop we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
spotted hostile members of Glory of Mumbai Indians cult near Anmol Mohit Lassi. girlfriend asked me to hold radio and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
A boy from Vellakoil told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Papanasam Dam. wished them better things 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
Met fans of Prakash Raj. filled with dim  memories 
It took two days to cross Sardar Patel Road. I live like an animal 
hurt old man from Thiruvannamalai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vidharth. Told I wont hurt them. 
I was near TNPCB Building but couldnt see it due to smog 
mind was filled with haunting memories. no sign of life around 
I want to visit Thuraiyur and Karpaka Vinayakar Temple someday 
Visited Meenambakkam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
I want to visit Chinnamanur and Kuppanatham Dam someday 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Choolai. It was getting dark fast 
Camped at a garden shed in Peerkankaranai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Sathanur Dam is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
spotted hostile members of Vadivel Syndicate near Aavin Illam. girlfriend asked me to hold Pocket Watch and readied her ArmaLite rifle 
Arrived at Chettinad palace. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. no sign of life around 
Visited Mount-Poonamallee Road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Atharvaa. we briefly discussed about old times. distasteful miserable memories 
Crossed a barren land and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
passed through building in Kotturpuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tribe of Tharamani 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Jafferkhanpet. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuya Bhagvath action figures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chetput. We stayed off the road as we hear Madurai madmen are out in full force 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sardar Patel Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of Siruthai siva are out in full force 
Met a a begging old lady singing நானே இந்திரன் நானே. Told I wont hurt them. 
Government Museum is full of Volcanic lava. looks stripped and plundered  
Drove around Moulivakkam listening to Goripalayam songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. air is growing thin each passing day 
A scavenger from Kambam  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Bracelets 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a Veterinarian who claimed he knew the location of Prathyusha 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijayalakshmi. we briefly discussed about old times. immortal times 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Iyyapanthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive recite poems written by Snehan 
Drove around Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram listening to Kalyanaraman songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
a poor young boy from Vellakoil asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sangita. could be a decoy 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Kia Carnival Premium 
There is a rumour that Prashanth fandom now occupies Varattupallam Dam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
Saravanan	 fandom now wander the wasteland of Rajaji Salai, Chennai. They seek Empty Nuka Cola Bottle 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Ireland. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kodambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Bigil 
At a dried up liver I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
What woke me up today was the sound of அன்பே அன்பே playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Spicy Vanjaram fry 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Pistah 
Ripon Building is full of nuclear waste. entered from on the far side 
Fans of Atharvaa kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and biochemical memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a scary woods. could hear a slack drip of water 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . rummaged through the outsides 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Tabu 
camped at George town and had officers choice. Too many thoughts on mind. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sherin 
I was near Ripon Building but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Mint Street. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
At the edge of Broadway we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. I look really skinny 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mammootty lives in Orathuppalayam Dam 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
A man begging for food from Thoothukudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Divya Bharthi. wished them luck 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. wished them better things 
A scavenger told me he beleives Priya Anand lives in Descent of the Ganges (Mahabalipuram) 
Maritime Museum, Tranquebar is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cyclone. cold daylight fell through  
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for From the Madding Crowd 
Ayyanar Falls is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
The Warheads of Walajah road now wander the wasteland of Pattabiram in search of Sai Dhanshika bobble heads 
passed through building in Mudichur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sonia Agarwal fandom 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Chandini Tamilarasan 
I considered eating Milagu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vaibhav lives in Upper Anaicut 
Arvind Swamy fan club have taken over Tambaram 
A woman from Periyakulam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kalingarayan Anicut. handed them some choclates 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prashanth lives in Ranjankudi Fort 
Met a Pharmacist who claimed he knew the location of Piaa Bajpai 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vishnu Vishal lives in Sathanur Dam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Usilampatti. everything is just motionless and gray 
Nandita Swetha fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. They seek of shoes and left feet only 
passed through building in Pulianthope that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anirudh Ravichander fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nithya Menen 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kadalai theeyal 
It took two days to cross Madambakkam. Motionless and precise 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
passed through building in Perungalathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajith Kumar fandom 
Passed through highway and came upon a scary woods. sat on the embankment and waited	 
a dying old lady from Theni told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Harish Raghavendra fandom now wander the wasteland of Tirusulam. They seek stash of old magazines 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in St.Thomas Mount. we have never been here before 
spotted hostile members of The Blessed near Aavin Illam. girlfriend asked me to hold Bag of Computer Keys 2d20 and readied her bayonet 
In junction we found a Boots in a a small hill 
I was near Ripon Building but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Santhome 
Crossed a muddy road and found deserted supermarket. It was getting dark fast 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Kozhi milagu varuval 
Raided Mambalam Thanjavur mess with New Prophet League. We found Appam and Toaster. I advised them to ration their foods 
T nagar AGS is full of Dioxin wastes. passed through the site 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Travelling with girlfriend to Medavakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The Neo-Maniratnam order are out in full force 
Met a Teacher who claimed he knew the location of Vaibhav 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked varieties of Mixture 
Ran out of Book of Caring for Young Children. Time to join Myskkin Brotherhood 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாட்ஷா பாரு playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At a dried up liver I noticed dog followed us for two days 
Crossed a a barn and found aluminum houses. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Karl schmidt memorial is full of Toxic smog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. Motionless and precise 
Passed through highway and came upon a a stone wall. decided to camped there 
Fans of Nivetha Thomas kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. haunting memories 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to அவர் நினைவும். that is definitely a bait 
At the edge of Vandalur we sat in the BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Udumalaipettai. trekked on till almost dark 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Maravalli kizhangu poriyal 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Nanmangalam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
A scavenger from Arcot A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Tabu. we briefly discussed about old times. immortal times 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vaazhakkai podimas 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki. took a ride around Mylapore listening to Ilaignan songs  
Visited Manali New Town. everything is just motionless and gray 
Abbas fandom now wander the wasteland of Villivakkam. They seek bones with a broken mechanical exoskeleton 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
when I find lance I will go visit Indian Cement Company Ground and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arvind Swamy 
a dying old lady from Kanyakumari told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Vadapalani that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
Crossed a highway and found garden shed. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to கடல் ராசா நான். Id give them half of my food 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
Found a a small hill in Nanganallur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who worship a variety of Biriyanis 
A scavenger from Oddanchatram A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
I considered eating Thattu vadai. desperate time desperate measures 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரே ஒரு முறை playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruneermalai. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Ran out of Tape. Time to join Pure blood poraligal 
Ran out of collection of bottles for prescription medications. Time to join The order of Velvom 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Sierra Leone. They left today morning and I am lonely. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
I was near Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
I want to visit Ramanathapuram and Cuddalore Government Museum someday 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a desolate barn. There were signs in hippy language 
Drove around Porur listening to Idaya Kovil songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
camped at Santhome search and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
mind was filled with dim subliminal memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anuradha Sriram. we briefly discussed about old times. distinct and wondrous memories 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Thalamuthu Natarajan Building who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
At a empty pond I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Deva action figures 
Met a  hurt old lady singing சொக்கா போட்ட நவாபு. could be a decoy 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. Maybe should go take a look 
A young boy with a good voice from Madurai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Madurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mano. Told I wont hurt them. 
Raided Abirami mall with Oracles of Salem. We found Keera kadaisal and Robot Motivator. I advised them to ration their foods 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Passed through barren land and came upon a desolate barn. looks stripped and plundered  
A scavenger from Pammal A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Mulberry star Burma Atho shop who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. air is growing thin each passing day 
I considered eating Ladiesfinger sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nagma 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vignesh action figures 
Swathi Reddy fan club have taken over Perungalathur 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Puzhal. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Amala Paul 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Draupadi Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TNSTC Bus 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
I considered eating Soya kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vedhika. we briefly discussed about old times. distasteful miserable memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Keerai Thandu Sambar 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Travelling with girlfriend to Nesapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Rayappan revival cult are out in full force 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Arachivitta kozhi curry 
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ramavaram 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anandhi action figures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
 hurt old lady from Udhagamandalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A boy from Narasingapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium. let me just mind my buisness 
Met a Veterinarian who claimed he knew the location of Priya Anand 
Met fans of Ritika Singh. we cooked and dined on Mochai theeyal 
Met a  hurt old lady singing செய் ஏதாவது செய். Id give them half of my food 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nandita Swetha lives in Lower Anaicut 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kothamalli Pudina Soru 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Ukraine. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Priyamani fan club have taken over St.Thomas Mount 
Fans of Anand kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. off by heart memories 
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Madhumitha 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Time - Semisonic 
What woke me up today was the sound of யார் வீட்டில் ரோஜா playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
At a highway I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Potu thaaku… from Kuthu 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruvanmiyur the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
mind was filled with same encyclopedic memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
At a crossroads I made a last tour of the place 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kovilambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai are out in full force 
At a barren land I made a last tour of the place 
Arrived at Thendral Valaagam. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Met fans of Bindu Madhavi. filled with precious boyish memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Suitable Boy by Vikram Seth 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kilpauk. We stayed off the road as we hear Sid Sriram Mutants are out in full force 
Taapsee Pannu fandom now wander the wasteland of Tambaram. They seek pack of AA batteries 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to King of Chennai. that is definitely a bait 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Suriya action figures 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Dakshinchitra who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
At a metro station I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Raided Kalathi Newspaper Mart with The Prodigy of Perungudi. We found Mochai kozhambu and heavy duty laptop. I advised them to ration their foods 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Madurai. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Sheela Rajkumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Purasaiwalkam. They seek DVD 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Remya Nambeesan. we briefly discussed about old times. a trip/walk down memory lane 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for The Godfather: Part II DVD 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for Shoes 
Raided Ganga Chats with The badass cult of Bodinayakanur. We found Chinna vengaayam poriyal and Barbed Wire Meters. I advised them to ration their foods 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Tenkasi. everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Thiruninravur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Hermits of Pallavaram 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ennore the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At the edge of Avadi we sat in the Maruti Suzuki WagonR to rest. Motionless and precise 
Passed through a barn and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
A young boy with a good voice from Kancheepuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Swathi Reddy. wished them better things 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Harish Kalyan. we briefly discussed about old times. deepest and oldest memories 
Drove around Puzhal listening to Kanthaswamy songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Ran out of Mercury Thermometer. Time to join Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mano 
There is an increasing amount of demand for beauty 
Crossed a field  and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
What woke me up today was the sound of கல்யாண தேன் playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Chivas Regal. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Kozhi pachai curry 
weird looking bearded man from Palani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anandhi. Id give them half of my food 
Drove around Medavakkam listening to Sishya songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
Travelling with girlfriend to Broadway. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion of Lemuria are out in full force 
Vijay fandom now wander the wasteland of Alwarthirunagar. They seek tire 
raided Panagal Maaligai in search of New World (Aldous Huxley). ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met fans of Sandhya. we cooked and dined on Murungakkai puli kozhambu 
There is a rumour that Sukanya fandom now occupies Draupadi Ratha 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Egmore. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
I want to visit Erode and Solaiyar Dam someday 
At a a river  we walked the littered streets carefully 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Paruppu Soru 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around Washermanpet listening to Puthiya Mannargal songs  
I considered eating Arachuvitta sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Peerkangaai poriyal 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. I live like an animal 
Met fans of Vishnu Vishal. we cooked and dined on Sevai 
passed through building in Nesapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Droplets 
Found a garden shed in Iyyapanthangal. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
Visited Tondiarpet. made a last tour of the place 
Raided marina beach with The Elder Order of Eldams road. We found Vetrilai poondu Soru and television. I advised them to ration their foods 
spotted hostile members of Gathering of the Virgin near Dosart. girlfriend asked me to hold sealed container of ground coffee and readied her bola 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Thuraipakkam listening to Velaikkaran songs  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Uzbekistan. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Doll DVD 
It took two days to cross Peerkankaranai. cold daylight fell through  
Raided Mulberry star Burma Atho shop with Madurai madmen. We found Mixed Vegetable Sambar and Dog Collar. I advised them to ration their foods 
 hurt old lady from Mettupalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda City ZX 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Avaniapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sneha. they think we are not real 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Muttai kalakki 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to நானி என் பேரு. they are scared 
Met a  hurt old lady singing ஒரு கப்பு ஆஸிட். they think we are not real 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at MKB Nagar 
Mansuk’s sweet and snacks is full of Toxic smog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is a rumour that Parvathy fandom now occupies Eraniel Palace 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Kotturpuram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mint Street there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as Kattappa 
a poor young boy from Chennai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Asin. Id give them half of my food 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken Biryani 
Mutant Mambalam Republic now wander the wasteland of Royapuram in search of Aari bobble heads 
At a crossroads we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
M. A. Chidambaram Stadium is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
mind was filled with astonishingly retentive memories. no sign of life around 
Met fans of Laila. we cooked and dined on Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) 
I want to visit Coonoor and Pykara someday 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Met a Technician who claimed he knew the location of Easwari Rao 
Met fans of Gayathrie. we cooked and dined on Pazham Paniyaram 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
Raj Bhavan  is full of Radioactive sludge. rummaged through the outsides 
Met fans of Piaa Bajpai. we cooked and dined on Mutton milagu varuval 
a poor young boy from Villupuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Fans of Malavika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. incredible peripheral memories 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to பஞ்சு போல நெஞ்சு இது. wished them better things 
I considered eating Prawn ghee roast. desperate time desperate measures 
At a poisonous lake we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
spotted hostile members of Virugambakkam Venerables near Nandanam trade centre. girlfriend asked me to hold Gas Mask Filter and readied her spear 
Met a hurt old man singing டசக்கு டசக்கு. that is definitely a bait 
Met fans of Anjali. we cooked and dined on Pavakkaai pitla 
Ex-IT exodus  now wander the wasteland of Sembakkam in search of Harish Kalyan bobble heads 
Met fans of Manisha Koirala. we cooked and dined on Naatu kozhi rasam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Cult of CEG now wander the wasteland of Chintadripet in search of Bhavana bobble heads 
Met a a begging old lady singing ராஜபாட்டை போல. wished them luck 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Park Town. It was getting dark fast 
Pranitha fandom now wander the wasteland of Karapakkam. They seek Burned Globe 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rajashree 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
spotted hostile members of The Freaks near Feastinn . girlfriend asked me to hold Shower Head and readied her sword 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Murungakkai theeyal 
I considered eating Muttai kalakki. desperate time desperate measures 
We arrived at the outskirts of Korukkupet the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
 hurt old lady from Pallipalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aishwarya. handed them some choclates 
Ran out of Steam Gauge Assembly. Time to join Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for Deepvali atom bomb packets 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them some choclates 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to தாம் தக்க தீம் தக்க. that is definitely a bait 
Reveleation of Rajapalayam now wander the wasteland of Peters Road in search of Samuthirakani bobble heads 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Music Academy who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
In muddy road we found a Fountain Pen in a desolate barn 
Malavika fandom now wander the wasteland of Ranganathan Street. They seek Wheel Jack 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Chicken chettinad 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TNSTC Bus. took a ride around Ekkaduthangal listening to Kanden Kadhalai songs  
In metro station we found a small electric generator buried under rubble in a abandoned roadworks site 
There is an increasing amount of demand for lacto king 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
What woke me up today was the sound of கற்பனைக் கனவிலே நானொரு playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
At a muddy road we made a last tour of the place 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha YZF R15 V3. took a ride around Nungambakkam listening to Kumari songs  
At a flyover I noticed cat followed me for three days 
I considered eating Chicken chettinad. desperate time desperate measures 
Hogenakkal Falls is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
It took two days to cross Koyambedu. It is better to be alone 
Met a Technologist who claimed he knew the location of Parvathy 
We arrived at the outskirts of Injambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Everything is gray as my heart 
Met a a begging old lady singing போறாளே நெஞ்சை. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Raided Radisson blu with CSK revival cult. We found Aval paayasam and metal cabinet. I advised them to ration their foods 
Travelling with girlfriend to MKB Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear False Prophet Gang are out in full force 
A boy from Goundampalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aintharuvi. that is definitely a bait 
spotted hostile members of Dharmapuri doomsday cult near DMS Annex Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold waffle iron and readied her Sten gun 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Royapuram 
Met fans of Prathyusha. we cooked and dined on Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Priya Anand action figures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Thirumullaivoyal. We stayed off the road as we hear Reveleation of Rajapalayam are out in full force 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Spectrum mall who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Tom and jerry cartoon 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Chaya Singh action figures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Salem near Rayar mess. girlfriend asked me to hold picture of a small family of three framed in a cracked frame and readied her spear 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Milagu kozhambu 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abbas 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Koothanallur. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
hurt old man from Palani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Mandagapattu Temple is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஏக் தோ தீன் playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
a dying old lady from Veerappanchatram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bhumika Chawla. let me just mind my buisness 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Italy. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
I considered eating Peerkangaai paal kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Town Like Alice 
Crossed a dirt road and found abandoned roadworks site. made a last tour of the place 
Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   now wander the wasteland of Nanganallur in search of Anandhi bobble heads 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
camped at Nungambakkam Chat shop and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Shruti Haasan	 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vallalar Nagar. noticed cat followed me for three days 
passed through building in Pattaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Reveleation of Rajapalayam 
Arrived at CMBT. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Arrived at mayajaal. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Karikalan 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alandur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
Crossed a field  and found abandoned dumpyard. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a hurt old man singing அட பொன்னான மனசே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A man from Vedaranyam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam. that is definitely a bait 
Nandita Swetha fandom now wander the wasteland of Kodambakkam. They seek Swimming Goggles 
Found a deserted supermarket in Red Hills. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
Met fans of Mumtaz. we cooked and dined on Vendhaya keerai kadalai poriyal 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Met fans of Shalini. we cooked and dined on Urulai milagu varuval 
Met a a poor young boy singing நான் சூடான மோகினி. that is definitely a bait 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to இவள் யாரோ வான். wished them luck 
passed through building in Thiruneermalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anirudh Ravichander fandom 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Vallalar Nagar. we have never been here before 
Met fans of Gopika. filled with foggy  memories 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a An old doghouse. walked up to find any tracks 
a poor young boy from Periyakulam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is a rumour that Gopika fandom now occupies Manimuthar Dam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Haricharan action figures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Arun Vijay lives in Gangaikonda Cholapuram 
passed through building in Adyar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Manisha Koirala fandom 
Drove around Eranavur listening to Velli Thirai songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tirusulam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of Rice based staple 
At a dirt road we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Bittu Padam di 
Crossed a field  and found An old doghouse. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Merasal Arasan 
Passed through a river  and came upon a scary graveyard. entered from on the far side 
I considered eating Muttai aviayal. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Schindlers List DVD 
camped at Connemara Public Library and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a a stone wall. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Aari fandom now wander the wasteland of Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. They seek Santa Nuka Cola Sign 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Mukkala mukkabula 
Regina Cassandra fan club have taken over Chetput 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Pretty Princess 
Camped at a A burned house in Mangadu. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Bhavana fan club have taken over Maduravoyal 
I want to visit Krishnagiri and Suruli Falls someday 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sasikumar. we briefly discussed about old times. standard and average memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met fans of Napoleon. filled with own meaningful memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Inner Ring Road 
Prabhu Deva fan club have taken over Moulivakkam 
At a train station I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A woman from Tirunelveli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. they think we are not real 
I considered eating Kadalai theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Piaa Bajpai. filled with random-access memories 
Passed through metro station and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. entered from on the far side 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Karan fan club have taken over Pattabiram 
Arrived at Aavin Illam. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Catatumbo Lightning. Motionless and precise 
 hurt old lady from Pudukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Travelling with girlfriend to Saligramam. We stayed off the road as we hear CSK revival cult are out in full force 
A woman from Vandavasi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kuttalam Palace. helped them man to their feet  
We arrived at the outskirts of Adambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
Raided CMBT with The Neo-Maniratnam order. We found Meen maanga curry and Spark Plug. I advised them to ration their foods 
Pure blood poraligal now wander the wasteland of T. Nagar in search of Karikalan bobble heads 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
In empty pond we found a tangle of twitching metal parts and wheels in a desolate barn 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Varuthu aracha kozhi curry 
It took two days to cross Saidapet. I live like an animal 
hurt old man from Pudukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Raided Mambalam Thanjavur mess with Gathering of the Virgin. We found Kadalai paruppu paayasam and Empty Snowglobe. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. shaking uncontrollably 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. just cold and the silence everywhere 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Easwari Rao action figures 
At the edge of MKB Nagar we sat in the Bajaj Dominar 400 to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Santhome search is full of Sand dust. Maybe should go take a look 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vaazhakkai podimas 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Koyambedu 
In MTC bus stop we found a Drum Cymbal in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
We arrived at the outskirts of Armenian Street the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Mutton curry dosa 
A boy from Chengalpattu told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aathupalayam Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for carrom board 
mind was filled with nostalgic feeling. feeling half faint and tired 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Shenoy Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wants to re-establish the rathna cafe and restore its old glory 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to பாண்டியனின் ராஜ்ஜியத்தில். let me just mind my buisness 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anju Aravind 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arun Vijay 
when I find MAG machine gun I will go visit Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Mutton Sukka 
Met a Mail carrier who claimed he knew the location of A. R. Rahman 
A boy from Rameswaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodiveri dam. they think we are not real 
Shanthanu Bhagyaraj fandom now wander the wasteland of IIT Madras. They seek Baseball Bat 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Manali New Town 
Ran out of Tricycle. Time to join The Deviants 
when I find M16 rifle I will go visit Gingee Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a dying old lady from Ambur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
It took two days to cross Royapuram. had a bad dream 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to குயில புடிச்சி. handed them some choclates 
At a MTC bus stop we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. Everything is gray as my heart 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
There is an increasing amount of demand for carrom striker 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Central Square. woke in the cold dark coughing 
hurt old man from Periyasemur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nanganallur the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ஏப்ரல் மாதத்தில். wished them better things 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pazhavanthangal the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
spotted hostile members of The Lawless tambarams near L.L.A. Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Manequin Head and readied her sabre 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Cabo Verde. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Monal Naval. we briefly discussed about old times. back bad memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
a begging old lady from Chennai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Ritika Singh. we cooked and dined on Aval pongal 
Kreshna fan club have taken over Mogappair 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vasundhara Kashyap 
Visited Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. hiked back down to the highway 
We arrived at the outskirts of Padi the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
passed through building in Fort St. George that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Peoples Temple 
Drove around Korukkupet listening to Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Casablanca DVD 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ghee pongal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Meen maanga curry 
At a crossroads I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A man from Surampatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai. Id give them half of my food 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met fans of Kausalya. we cooked and dined on Nandu rasam 
It took two days to cross Whites Road. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Nivetha Thomas fandom now wander the wasteland of Peters Road. They seek Steering Wheel 
The Blessed now wander the wasteland of Nanganallur in search of Nagma bobble heads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Devayani 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Lexus LS. took a ride around Selaiyur listening to Polladhavan songs  
A man begging for food from Nilgiris told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . looks stripped and plundered  
In dried up liver we found a Picture Frame in a garden shed 
Raided Higginbothams with The Reincarnated Ramnad order. We found Peerkangaai poriyal and Pencil. I advised them to ration their foods 
spotted hostile members of The Lawless tambarams near Santhome search. girlfriend asked me to hold Garden Hose 10 ft and readied her Schwarzlose machine gun 
We arrived at the outskirts of Sardar Patel Road the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
Fans of Ranjith kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. standard and average memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in West Mambalam. we have never been here before 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்ணை கசக்கும் playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is a rumour that Anuya Bhagvath fandom now occupies Indian Cement Company Ground 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Hornet 160 R. took a ride around Vanagaram listening to April Maadhathil songs  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. helped them man to their feet  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kottur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
The Devotee of Dhanush now wander the wasteland of Rajaji Salai, Chennai in search of Ganesh Venkatraman bobble heads 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Ran out of peaches. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Raided mayajaal with Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam. We found Pallipaalayam chicken fry and manuscript detailing a potential cure. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Mel Sithamur Jain Math is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to அடிக்கடி முடி களைவதில். Id give them half of my food 
camped at Egmore musuem and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
At the edge of Chennai city we sat in the Honda Shine to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
Visited Wall Tax Road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Vetrimaran veriyans now wander the wasteland of Adambakkam in search of Tabu bobble heads 
A scavenger from Sivakasi weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
I was near Ega theatre but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
Found a McDonalds outlet at ICF. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mohini. we briefly discussed about old times. profane and poetical memories 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
SBOA fanatics now wander the wasteland of Kilpauk in search of Gaana Bala bobble heads 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Hyatt regency who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
passed through building in Mylapore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SBOA fanatics 
Tamannaah fan club have taken over Egmore 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda WR-V VX 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda City ZX. took a ride around Tiruverkadu listening to Navarathinam songs  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nikhila Vimal. we briefly discussed about old times. few ironic memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Drove around Saligramam listening to Engeyum Kaadhal songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Raided NPKRR Maaligai with The Legion. We found Murunga keerai kozhambu and HAM Radio Speaker. I advised them to ration their foods 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
Passed through long hill and came upon a garden shed. entered from on the far side 
Met fans of Anirudh Ravichander. we cooked and dined on Cauliflower milagu pirattal 
weird looking bearded man from Nelliyalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gautham Karthik 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sheela Rajkumar. we briefly discussed about old times. dim subliminal memories 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
We arrived at the outskirts of Gopalapuram the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Koyambedu 
I was near thalamuthu natarajan maligai but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for centre shock 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v 
Rajashree fandom now wander the wasteland of Jafferkhanpet. They seek Old Tractor Tire 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Prabhu Deva 
At a barren land I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Royal Stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vadapalani the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Met fans of Taapsee Pannu. we cooked and dined on Brinji Soru 
I want to visit Nelliyalam and Pancha Rathas someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Atharvaa action figures 
camped at Siruseri tech park and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near TNPCB Building who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
At the edge of Mudichur we sat in the Maruti Suzuki to rest. no sign of life around 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Baja Auto rickshaw. took a ride around Tiruverkadu listening to Avan Ivan songs  
Aishwarya Rajesh fandom now wander the wasteland of IIT Madras. They seek Broken Gun Barrel 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sholinganallur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Bengaluru is infested by rogue hyneas that are coming for chennai next 
Found a scary woods in Saligramam. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who search the fabled city of Madurai 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rubber ball 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Crossed a nasty lake and found godown covered with ash and dust. hiked back down to the highway 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Dakshinchitra who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mandaveli the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Piaa Bajpai 
a dying old lady from Anakaputhur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A young boy with a good voice from Perambalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
when I find mortar I will go visit Aathupalayam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Travelling with girlfriend to Smith Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Ex-IT exodus  are out in full force 
Met a  hurt old lady singing தண்ணீரை காதலிக்கும். wished them better things 
Found a McDonalds outlet at China Bazaar Road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Chettinad spicy egg curry 
camped at Chettinad palace and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment and no more looking down from thirty thousand feet and imagining the lives lit up by those lights at that moment 
I want to visit Mayiladuthurai and Krishnagiri Dam someday 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Manali New Town 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to இப்படி மழை அடித்தால். could be a decoy 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Tuvalu. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Arumbakkam. we have never been here before 
PSBB Alumni now wander the wasteland of Puzhal in search of Jayaram bobble heads 
Raided Kalashetra with Tribe of Tharamani. We found Ratha poriyal and First Aid Kit. I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Perumbakkam. we have never been here before 
I want to visit Gobichettipalayam and Government Museum, Erode someday 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to சென்று வா மகனே. they think we are not real 
Passed through a river  and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. looks stripped and plundered  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Fans of Shanthanu Bhagyaraj kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. blurred memories 
Southern spice is full of Debris. looks stripped and plundered  
when I find Springfield rifle I will go visit Chinnakallar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a poor young boy from Salem asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aishwarya. helped them man to their feet  
A boy from Puliyankudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium. wished them luck 
Arrived at VR mall. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at Phoenix mall. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Met fans of Easwari Rao. we cooked and dined on Arachivitta kozhi curry 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. feeling half faint and tired 
Met fans of Bhavana. we cooked and dined on Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani 
A scavenger from Veerappanchatram a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Puliyodarai 
Arrived at mayajaal. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Lakshmi Menon 
Drove around Madhavaram listening to Bigil songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
mind was filled with uncommonly retentive memories. no sign of life around 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bobby Simha 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Saligramam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocates of something called democracy 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mathur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Raided Kalashetra with The tribe of Trichy . We found Thinai pongal and Used Toothbrush. I advised them to ration their foods 
passed through building in Alapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gathering of the Virgin 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Otteri there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஆடுவது உடலுக்கு விளையாட்டு. they are scared 
hurt old man from Keelakarai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
It took two days to cross Eranavur. I live like an animal 
It took two days to cross Alandur. It is better to be alone 
Aliyar Reservoir is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangeetha. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Radhika Apte 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Raided Semmozhi poonga with Wolves of Otteri. We found Arisi thengai payasam and Steering Wheel. I advised them to ration their foods 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Laila 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Jafferkhanpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Crossed a empty pond and found a stone wall. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
Suruli Falls is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Fans of Srushti Dange kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. random-access memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vimal. we briefly discussed about old times. unerring official memories 
Crossed a forest and found aluminum houses. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet. took a ride around Ritchie Street listening to Vishwaroopam songs  
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Sivaranjani fan club have taken over Manapakkam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Napoleon. we briefly discussed about old times. short-term eidetic memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. that is definitely a bait 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tvs Apache rtr 180 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Ran out of ratty old newspaper with the head line and date of The day before the apocalyptic event happened. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
I considered eating Urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
At a train station I walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a a begging old lady singing தொடத தாளம். handed them a cane 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to கஞ்சி பானையின். wished them luck 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for The Help DVD 
Crossed a crossroads and found desolate barn. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. Everything is gray as my heart 
mind was filled with prenatal memories. shaking uncontrollably 
passed through building in Santhome that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Naveen Chandra fandom 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nalli elumbu masala 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nungambakkam High Road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Siruseri tech park is full of Polluted water. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met fans of Anju Aravind. filled with vague memories 
Met a Veterinarian who claimed he knew the location of Anand 
A scavenger told me he beleives Napoleon lives in Fort Dansborg 
At the edge of Chennai Bypass we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. had a bad dream 
Found a garden shed in K.K. Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive Vetrimaran has established a north madras like city in himalayas 
In a barn we found a Boots in a abandoned dumpyard 
Travelling with girlfriend to Egmore. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
spotted hostile members of The sivakasi legion near East Mada road stalls. girlfriend asked me to hold ancient runner beans and readied her assault rifle 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Thanjavur Maratha Palace is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
At a highway I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. they are scared 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Sierra Leone. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Before Christmas 
A scavenger told me he beleives Laila lives in Amir Mahal 
Visited Shenoy Nagar. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet. took a ride around Mudichur listening to Samsaram Adhu Minsaram songs  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
a young lad with ripped clothes from Periyasemur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Naveen Chandra. Id give them half of my food 
At the edge of Madhavaram Milk Colony we sat in the Bajaj M80 to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Found a McDonalds outlet at United India Colony. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
spotted hostile members of Rayappan revival cult near Ganga Chats. girlfriend asked me to hold Bag of Computer Keys 2d20 and readied her Sten gun 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Mount-Poonamallee Road. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who speak a strange language developed based on vijay antony songs 
Camped at a a stone wall in Annanur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around Mannady listening to Tik Tik Tik songs  
spotted hostile members of The tribe of Trichy  near Vandalur zoo. girlfriend asked me to hold Wrist Watch and readied her depth charge 
Ran out of Toaster. Time to join Order of Marina 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shalini. we briefly discussed about old times. unerring official memories 
A woman from Koothanallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore. helped them man to their feet  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rakul Preet Singh 
Maritime Museum, Tranquebar is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
I considered eating Brinji Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near TNPHC Building who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nikki Galrani 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Monal Naval 
At a poisonous lake I made a last tour of the place 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perambur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
Shriya Saran fan club have taken over Gopalapuram 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Merasal Arasan 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MTC Bus. took a ride around Gopalapuram listening to Oomai Vizhigal songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. that is definitely a bait 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nesapakkam 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Vaazhakkai podimas 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரு அடங்காப்பிடாரி playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. took a ride around Thirumullaivoyal listening to Maharasan songs  
In poisonous lake we found a 3 ft of Rope in a scary graveyard 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Thiruninravur listening to Pokkisham songs  
Reema Sen fandom now wander the wasteland of Tondiarpet. They seek Lunchbox 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vimal action figures 
passed through building in Nesapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of CEG 
Fans of Meera Jasmine kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. awful and rancid memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Whites Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive mysskin will save the world 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Kanchipuram. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is a rumour that Anandhi fandom now occupies Vaideki Falls 
Raided Valluvar Kottam with Chosen Ones of Anna nagars. We found Ladiesfinger sambar and recently-dead body clutching a crumpled note listing a mysterious set of coordinates. I advised them to ration their foods 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a garden shed. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Vivekanadar illam who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing வெறித்தனம். that is definitely a bait 
Ranjankudi Fort is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kalaiyarasan 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Smith Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Heartukulla 
I considered eating Madras kozhi kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Sandhya. we cooked and dined on Mulai payaru kozhambu 
passed through building in Madhavaram Milk Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajith Kumar fandom 
Preetha Vijayakumar fan club have taken over Nanganallur 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. helped them man to their feet  
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Cumin rasam 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Hyderabad Biriyani 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Madhoo 
We arrived at the outskirts of IIT Madras the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
At the edge of Mudichur we sat in the Pulsar to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓரு முறை எந்தன் playing in distance. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
I was near LIC Building but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
In train station we found a Tank of hydrogen in a scary graveyard 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ilaiyaraaja lives in Mel Sithamur Jain Math 
Airavatesvara Temple is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Mulberry star Burma Atho shop is full of Volcanic lava. looks stripped and plundered  
Scion of Siruthai siva now wander the wasteland of Nemilichery in search of Nikhila Vimal bobble heads 
Met a A man begging for food singing அய்யே என்ன ஆச இது. Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai aviayal 
There is a rumour that Nazriya Nazim fandom now occupies Adavinainar Dam 
Crossed a empty pond and found a small hill. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Ripon Building is full of Volcanic lava. Maybe should go take a look 
At a nasty lake we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
a dying old lady from Surampatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is a rumour that Parvathy fandom now occupies Vaideki Falls 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Nauru. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Visited Sembakkam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
weird looking bearded man from Alandur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sanghavi fandom now wander the wasteland of Sholavaram. They seek Curtain Rod 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nei Soru 
Visited Cenotaph Road. walked the littered streets carefully 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Bhumika Chawla fandom now wander the wasteland of Nanmangalam. They seek cereal box thats been converted into a makeshift mask 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to Red Cardu. helped them man to their feet  
Met fans of Manoj Bharathiraja. we cooked and dined on Nandu omelette 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to ஆறு படை வேல்முருகா. that is definitely a bait 
Arrived at Radisson blu. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anand 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Lost track of what day it is. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I was near Kannagi statue but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
At a a barn I walked the littered streets carefully 
At a field  I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Passed through train station and came upon a deserted supermarket. There are no tracks in the mud around 
I was near Cholamandalam arts vilage but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for The Kings Speech DVD 
when I find bombs I will go visit Panchapandava Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with fond memories. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sneha action figures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
A girl from Kuniyamuthur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sivaganga Palace. wished them luck 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. took a ride around Basin Bridge listening to Petta songs  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Freestyle. took a ride around Perungalathur listening to Karnan songs  
It took two days to cross Basin Bridge. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I want to visit Thiruthani and Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram someday 
Passed through a barn and came upon a desolate barn. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met fans of Suriya. filled with vivid and well-trained memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Perungudi. we have never been here before 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Fort st george who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
At the edge of Foreshore Estate we sat in the Royal Enfield Classic 350 to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing எந்த வழி போகுமோ. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I considered eating Pappaalikkai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Thalapakatti is full of Wastewater sludges. There were signs in hippy language 
Ran out of Sandpaper. Time to join Ilayaraja worshippers 
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Vimal 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Kurichi. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Abhirami. we briefly discussed about old times. uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Met fans of Monal Naval. filled with remote warm memories 
A scavenger from Thiruthangal a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
when I find lance I will go visit Agasthiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them some choclates 
Anju Aravind fandom now wander the wasteland of Kovilambakkam. They seek Comic Book 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Pulsar. took a ride around Tirusulam listening to Kochadaiyaan songs  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I live like an animal 
Passed through metro station and came upon a desolate barn. could hear a slack drip of water 
Camped at a garden shed in Annanur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Saidapet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion of Lemuria 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Udhayanidhi Stalin action figures 
Lost track of what day it is. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Regina Cassandra fandom now wander the wasteland of Chetput. They seek Paint Gun 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a deserted supermarket. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Arrived at Valluvar Kottam. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
when I find explosive substances I will go visit Airavatesvara Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pattaravakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear CSK revival cult are out in full force 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nungambakkam High Road 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to thaaku 
I was near KFC but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
We arrived at the outskirts of MGR Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Ran out of Torn Skeleton. Time to join The Warheads of Walajah road 
I was near Ramanujan IT park but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of Rajiv Gandhi Salai in search of Namitha bobble heads 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. wished them luck 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Basin Bridge there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Whites Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim mysskin has established a proliteriat utopia in Russia 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Milagai mandi 
Met fans of Prabhu Deva. we cooked and dined on Muttai paniyaaram 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Panagal Maaligai who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
At a MTC bus stop we It was getting dark fast 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Red Hills there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Hiphoptamizha a legendary music artist 
There is a rumour that Sukanya fandom now occupies Panchapandava Cave Temple 
raided Panagal park in search of Here comes the pain CD. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for boost 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
raided Vaishnavi Idli Kadai in search of Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Regina Cassandra 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Veerappanchatram. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Crossed a round about and found scary graveyard. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Lost track of what day it is. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ambattur 
Passed through round about and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. walked up to find any tracks 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. let me just mind my buisness 
Kanadukathan Palace is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
Visited Nandanam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
There is a rumour that Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fandom now occupies Aliyar Reservoir 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Rajiv Gandhi Salai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive sacrifice of enough ex-IT employees will result in the rebirth of the great Chandrababu 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Westin who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
It took two days to cross Peerkankaranai. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Kattivakkam. we have never been here before 
Found a A burned house in Parrys Corner. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who want to re-establish the Mumbai Indians franchise 
when I find Hotchkiss machine gun I will go visit Sathanur Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raided East Mada road stalls with Goundamani Union. We found Urulai milagu varuval and Lipstick Case. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dark Materials Trilogy 
Drove around Anna Nagar listening to Malaikkallan songs. made a last tour of the place 
I considered eating Murungakkai theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at Greams road fruit shop. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Koyambedu. we have never been here before 
Arrived at LIC Building. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Poonamallee. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Mumtaz fan club have taken over Nandanam 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Kasipalayam. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW Series 8 M8. took a ride around Ramavaram listening to Ethir Neechal songs  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Passed through round about and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. rummaged through the outsides 
I want to visit Coimbatore and Hogenakkal Eco Tourism someday 
In muddy road we found a handcuffs in a An old doghouse 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Periyar EVR Building who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mannady the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
passed through building in Madhavaram Milk Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
Fans of Deva kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague sketchy memories 
Met a  hurt old lady singing நினைக்கத் தெரிந்த மனமே. wished them better things 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Taco Bell wrap 
Ran out of Bag of Charcoal. Time to join Amjikarai Armageddons 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Namakkal. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a hurt old man singing அம்மம்மா ஆகாது. helped them man to their feet  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Visited Purasaiwalkam. hiked back down to the highway 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Raai Laxmi action figures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alandur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as anthropomorphics and other strange-looking characters 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aishwarya Rajesh. we briefly discussed about old times. private and unpleasant memories 
Arrived at East Mada road stalls. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Met fans of Bhavana. we cooked and dined on Ennai kathrikkai kozhambu 
Fans of Sivaranjani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. deepest and oldest memories 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in George Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to ஏதோ ஒரு பாட்டு. handed them some choclates 
Kuttalam Palace is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
when I find MG42 I will go visit Aliyar Reservoir and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near IIT campus who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
A scavenger from Gudalur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Manimuthar Dam is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing மாறாதே. wished them luck 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anand 
The Droplets now wander the wasteland of Perambur in search of Anuradha Sriram bobble heads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Imperial Blue. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with deeper and aboriginal memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
A girl from Ramanathapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karanthai. could be a decoy 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to சொல்லாயோ சோலைக்கிளி. handed them a cane 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kootansoru 
a poor young boy from Kangeyam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. should just curse god and stop existing 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression. took a ride around Broadway listening to Mr. Bharath songs  
Katary Falls is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Camped at a A burned house in Otteri. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Poorna fan club have taken over Aminjikarai 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ரவுடி பேபி. wished them better things 
What woke me up today was the sound of ராஜா யுவராஜா playing in distance. I look really skinny 
Met a  hurt old lady singing உசுரே போகுதே உசுரே போகுதே. they think we are not real 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to ஒரு நாளுக்குள் எத்தனை. could be a decoy 
A young boy with a good voice from Rajapalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
moore market is full of Radioactive waste. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Nandanam trade centre is full of unexploded landmines. There were signs in hippy language 
I was near Mahizhampoo but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Camped at a a stone wall in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Carrot beans thovaran 
At a dirt road I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai paniyaaram 
a poor young boy from Puliyankudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shanthanu Bhagyaraj. they think we are not real 
Catherine Falls is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kozhi vellai kuruma 
There is an increasing amount of demand for audio cassettes 
passed through building in Koyambedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
Visited Chennai Bypass. hiked back down to the highway 
a begging old lady from Vikramasingapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
It took two days to cross Otteri. If only my heart were stone 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Necklaces 
The Freaks now wander the wasteland of Sholavaram in search of Nivetha Pethuraj bobble heads 
when I find mortar I will go visit Panchapandava Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What woke me up today was the sound of மின்மினி நான் playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Poondu kozhambu 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Karan 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anushka Shetty fandom 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nandu omelette 
I want to visit Narasingapuram and Attangudi Palace someday 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapuram the weather is almost unbearable, barren, silent and merciless 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a scary woods. passed through the site 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Noombal. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
It took two days to cross Pattabiram. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Fans of Shriya Saran kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncommonly retentive memories 
VR mall is full of Sickly fog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Feastinn  who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to No Money No Honey 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Naveen Chandra. we briefly discussed about old times. retentive and ready memories 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Perambalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Udhayanidhi Stalin. let me just mind my buisness 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
A girl from Kuzhithurai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Koraiyar Falls. that is definitely a bait 
At the edge of Tambaram we sat in the TVS Apache RTR 160 to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
mind was filled with hideous and nightmarish memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Villivakkam listening to Kadhalan songs  
There is a rumour that Manthra fandom now occupies Karpaka Vinayakar Temple 
A scavenger from Walajapettai a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
TNSTC fanatics now wander the wasteland of Mudichur in search of Regina Cassandra bobble heads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Imperial Blue. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
weird looking bearded man from Tirumangalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ice burst cigeratte 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a Pharmacist who claimed he knew the location of Lakshmi Menon 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஷாஹீபா ஷாஹீபா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
At a round about we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ilaiyaraaja lives in Poigai Dam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Kattupakkam. we have never been here before 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mano action figures 
At a long hill we feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Lebanon. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
raided SRM university in search of MRF Cricket bat. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
What woke me up today was the sound of தாக்குதே கண் தாக்குதே playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thengai Soru 
We arrived at the outskirts of Central Square the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Three Musketeers (Alexandre Dumas) 
moore market is full of Construction debris. sat there and ate leftovers 
Fans of Anuya Bhagvath kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sangeetha lives in Poigai Dam 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a a small hill. decided to camped there 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Chinnamanur. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Subway is full of Toxic smog. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for The Godfather DVD 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
Met a weird looking bearded man singing கெட்டி மேளம். handed them some choclates 
passed through building in Velachery that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SRM boyzz 
Met fans of Janani Iyer. we cooked and dined on Mulai payaru kozhambu 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking bonda 
We arrived at the outskirts of Wall Tax Road the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Animal Farm 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust devil. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them some choclates 
Met a Plumber who claimed he knew the location of Nayanthara 
What woke me up today was the sound of அணிப்பிள்ளை தென்னம் playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
In dirt road we found a Notepad in a garden shed 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Ran out of Metal Cracker Box. Time to join Sholinganallur Syndicate 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
I want to visit Sivakasi and Thanjavur Maratha Palace someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vignesh action figures 
A scavenger from Kancheepuram a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாடவா உன் பாடலை playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with happily treacherous memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Travelling with girlfriend to Nungambakkam High Road. We stayed off the road as we hear The Hermits of Pallavaram are out in full force 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Haricharan 
A scavenger told me he beleives Gaana Bala lives in Saraswathi Mahal Library 
The Elder Order of Eldams road now wander the wasteland of Smith Road in search of Abbas bobble heads 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Nungambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pulp Fiction DVD 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sorakkaai verkaadalai poriyal 
A young boy with a good voice from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinji Soru 
Arrived at Nandanam trade centre. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
At a forest I hiked back down to the highway 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ஊர் ஊரா போகும் இந்த ஒடம்பு. they are scared 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Shine 
Madhumitha fandom now wander the wasteland of Maduravoyal. They seek Surgical Tubing 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kara Sevu 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Raj Bhavan. woke in the cold dark coughing 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Supercells. It is better to be alone 
camped at Ripon building and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Kaana Karunguyile… from Sethu 
Fans of Vasundhara Kashyap kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. faint  memories 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic whirlwind. It is better to be alone 
Fans of Anuya Bhagvath kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. immortal times 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing செம்மீனா விண்மீனா. handed them a cane 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
L.L.A. Buildings is full of Sand Dunes. There were signs in hippy language 
raided Ezhilagam in search of A Christmas Carol. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Indonesia. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Divya Spandana. we briefly discussed about old times. cruelest and bitterest memories 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Red Hills. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who want to re-establish the Mumbai Indians franchise 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time 
passed through building in Sembakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijay fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MTC Bus. took a ride around Perungalathur listening to I (Ai) songs  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Remya Nambeesan 
We arrived at the outskirts of K.K. Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
Feeling sad. I dont understand how I am still alive 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapuram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship yogi babu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line. took a ride around Perungudi listening to Nenjil Oru Raagam songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Manapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vasundhara Kashyap lives in Madras Motor Race Track 
Met fans of Vijayalakshmi. we cooked and dined on Paruppu rasam 
What woke me up today was the sound of புது மாப்பிள்ளைக்கு playing in distance. no sign of life around 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to அவனியெல்லாம் புகழ். they think we are not real 
There is an increasing amount of demand for War and Peace 
There is a rumour that Gautham Karthik fandom now occupies Kunderipallam Dam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Pudukkottai. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Servalar dam is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
I considered eating Kozhakkattai. desperate time desperate measures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aishwarya Rai lives in Government Museum, Karur 
passed through building in Egmore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SVCE syndicate 
hurt old man from Nagercoil told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
when I find French 75 I will go visit Aathupalayam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Sameera Reddy 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Nolambur. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
raided Hilton in search of The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring DVD. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Iyyapanthangal. we have never been here before 
Found a a stone wall in Government Estate. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who worship sam andreson 
raided moore market in search of gold flake. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Soya kozhambu 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to மனம் விரும்புதே உன்னை. wished them better things 
Found a scary woods in Pattaravakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive they posses the ability to reinvent computers and internet 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijay Sethupathi action figures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Adambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
Visited Madambakkam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ekkaduthangal. We stayed off the road as we hear New Prophet League are out in full force 
At the edge of Nanganallur we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar 150 to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a desolate barn. could hear a slack drip of water 
What woke me up today was the sound of இதுதானா இதுதானா playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
when I find bayonet I will go visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Selaiyur. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aishwarya Rai lives in Draupadi Ratha 
Park Hyatt is full of Debris. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Travelling with girlfriend to Royapettah. We stayed off the road as we hear The Neo-Maniratnam order are out in full force 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Mascara pottu 
raided Anna nagar roundtana in search of The Help DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
Visited Anna Nagar. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . passed through the site 
Ran out of Wooden Broom Handle. Time to join Mount Road madmen 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Urundai kozhambu 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Italy. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
passed through building in Purasaiwalkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Reema Sen fandom 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to No Money No Honey 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ritika Singh 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Catcher in the Rye 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinjal Sambar 
A scavenger from Tiruvallur a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Travelling with girlfriend to Shenoy Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Sid Sriram Mutants are out in full force 
A woman from Walajapettai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. handed them a cane 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Met fans of Nayanthara. we cooked and dined on Palambali 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Urundai kozhambu 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ashok Nagar 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a KTM Duke 200. took a ride around Adambakkam listening to Indru Pol Endrum Vaazhga songs  
A woman from Gobichettipalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit District Science Center - Tirunelveli. that is definitely a bait 
mind was filled with happily treacherous memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kottur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim mysskin has established a proliteriat utopia in Russia 
There is a rumour that Divya Spandana fandom now occupies Krishnagiri Dam 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a deserted supermarket. There were signs in hippy language 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing எனக்காக உனக்காக. handed them some choclates 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a scary graveyard. walked up to find any tracks 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a a small hill. rummaged through the outsides 
when I find bombs I will go visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I considered eating Apppam. desperate time desperate measures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Vellore told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Santhome the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Crossed a empty pond and found An old doghouse. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met a Dietitian who claimed he knew the location of Taapsee Pannu 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Adambakkam 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near MGR Memorial who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாட்டொன்று கேட்டேன் playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to உன்ன இப்ப பாக்கனும். wished them luck 
Met fans of Harish Kalyan. we cooked and dined on Peerkangaai paal kozhambu 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Kottur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sameera Reddy. we briefly discussed about old times. uncommonly retentive memories 
mind was filled with vague perplexing memories. Motionless and precise 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found aluminum houses. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
A scavenger told me he beleives Karan lives in Agasthiyar Falls 
Arrived at Vaishnavi Idli Kadai. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
Kuppanatham Dam is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Wallajah Road. we have never been here before 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Mathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank BIRA 91. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to லடுக்கே ஸே மிலீ. let me just mind my buisness 
Travelling with girlfriend to Avadi. We stayed off the road as we hear Citizens of Chengalpets are out in full force 
passed through building in Kovilambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Haricharan fandom 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Royapuram Peter 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Karuthavanlaam Galeejaam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Potter Series 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Roja action figures 
A boy from Ariyalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Ranjankudi Fort. helped them man to their feet  
Crossed a long hill and found abandoned dumpyard. everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Avadi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by ARR Fanatics 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Devi Sri Prasad 
At a nasty lake I noticed dog followed us for two days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijayalakshmi 
raided Rohini theatre in search of thumbs up. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chintadripet. We stayed off the road as we hear Nungambakkam overlords are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vaibhav lives in Rajarathinam Stadium 
Vetrimaran veriyans now wander the wasteland of Mudichur in search of Shreya Ghoshal bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Empire Strikes Back DVD 
At a long hill we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met fans of Vedhika. we cooked and dined on Thinai pongal 
A girl from Perambalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumbakkarai Falls. they are scared 
At a crossroads I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I considered eating Mango Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Baja Auto rickshaw 
Drove around Anna Nagar listening to Sarkar songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
What woke me up today was the sound of மனைவி அமைவதெல்லாம் playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mount-Poonamallee Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Bigilism republic are out in full force 
N V Natarajan Maaligai is full of Toxic Spent solvent wastes. could hear a slack drip of water 
I was near Hyatt regency but couldnt see it due to Dust storm 
Ran out of Wooden Oar. Time to join Coimbatore Confiderates 
passed through building in Kolathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Priya Anand fandom 
when I find repeating rifle I will go visit Tamukkam Ground and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Madhavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madhumitha fandom 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Mugalivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Visited Kundrathur. walked the littered streets carefully 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sangu sakkram 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
Met fans of Manoj Bharathiraja. filled with unusually retentive memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Perungudi. we have never been here before 
Met fans of Dviya. we cooked and dined on Hyderabad Biriyani 
A man from Nagapattinam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Dindigul Fort. they think we are not real 
Kamaraj Sagar Dam is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
At a a river  we hiked back down to the highway 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. should just curse god and stop existing 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. no sign of life around 
Vaibhav fandom now wander the wasteland of Neelankarai. They seek of shoes and left feet only 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Ran out of Bottle of Antivenom. Time to join Wolves of Otteri 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Arrived at Ampa skywalk. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
raided Hyatt regency in search of carrom board. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Se7en DVD 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Met fans of Easwari Rao. we cooked and dined on Kaalan kozhambu 
Arrived at Fishermens cove. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Sadha 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Mannady. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at Chennai Police Commissionerate. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to mela 
New Start Federation now wander the wasteland of Iyyapanthangal in search of Ashok Selvan bobble heads 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to தேவ தேவதை. handed them some choclates 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Jafferkhanpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive kills anyone that doesnt agree Sura is the greatest movie of all time 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. shaking uncontrollably 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in United India Colony. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Panagal building who told me he had no memory of when Siuthai siva made back to back movies with Ajith 
At a muddy road we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Heera Rajgopal 
Passed through metro station and came upon a An old doghouse. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya Rai 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Cb hornet. took a ride around Madambakkam listening to Neerparavai songs  
hurt old man from Kuniyamuthur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Drove around Government Estate listening to Kalai Arasi songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
passed through building in Wall Tax Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aishwarya Rajesh fandom 
Camped at a garden shed in Tondiarpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangeetha. we briefly discussed about old times. precious boyish memories 
Arrived at Sangam theatre. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Monica fan club have taken over Korattur 
A woman from Melvisharam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Servalar dam. Id give them half of my food 
There is a rumour that Janani Iyer fandom now occupies Kunderipallam Dam 
At a barren land I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Nei appam 
There is a rumour that Sivakarthikeyan fandom now occupies Shore Temple 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Whites Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
Visited Padi. trekked on till almost dark 
Harish Kalyan fan club have taken over Velachery 
Kaligambal mess is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. decided to camped there 
A girl from Viluppuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guru Nanak College Ground. they are scared 
 hurt old lady from Aruppukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Karikalan. wished them luck 
when I find sword I will go visit Olakkannesvara Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
when I find cannon I will go visit Varaha Caves and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anuradha Sriram 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pakkam. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
a dying old lady from Jolarpet asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Chandini Tamilarasan. helped them man to their feet  
raided VR mall in search of audio cassettes. made a last tour of the place 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vedhika 
Visited Alapakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A scavenger from Krishnagiri a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
passed through building in Nanmangalam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Verithanam Vimal cult 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Raai Laxmi. we briefly discussed about old times. fond memories 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Open the Bottle 
I considered eating Paruppu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Neo-Mysskin clan now wander the wasteland of Ashok Nagar in search of Srushti Dange bobble heads 
Visited Pudupet. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
There is a rumour that Karan fandom now occupies Kiliyur Falls 
I want to visit Sivagangai and Indian Cement Company Ground someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mullangi poriyal 
In dry lake we found a WWI bucket helmet with two bullet holes in it in a abandoned roadworks site 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to எவண்ட அவன் கிளாஸ். handed them a cane 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Serbia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Gaana Bala fan club have taken over Chrompet 
when I find revolver I will go visit Shore Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of Empty Pill Bottle. Time to join Wolves of Otteri 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Rakul Preet Singh 
Met a  hurt old lady singing பாக்காத பாக்காத. could be a decoy 
Dulquer Salmaan fandom now wander the wasteland of Red Hills. They seek Stapler 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Wild hurricane. shaking uncontrollably 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. If only my heart were stone 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Anjali fandom now wander the wasteland of Nemilichery. They seek Knitting Needle 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Id give them half of my food 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mannady there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Namakkal. made a last tour of the place 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anna Karenina 
raided Leela palace in search of candies. everything is just motionless and gray 
I want to visit Mayiladuthurai and Kutladampatti Falls someday 
Found a a small hill in Thirumullaivoyal. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who worship kattadhurai 
Met a Labourer who claimed he knew the location of Jayaram 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijayalakshmi 
Andrea Jeremiah fandom now wander the wasteland of Sholinganallur. They seek Gardening Gloves 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Manga Soru 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Medavakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who worship yogi babu 
At the edge of Ekkaduthangal we sat in the Chinna yana to rest. Motionless and precise 
Raided parrys corner with Followers of the Tendulkar. We found Arachuvitta sambar and Stick of Chaulk. I advised them to ration their foods 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for Deepvali atom bomb packets 
Dviya fan club have taken over Saidapet 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
weird looking bearded man from Pattukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
when I find Springfield rifle I will go visit Shanmuganathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to எங்கெங்கே எங்கெங்கே. Id give them half of my food 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Arisi thengai payasam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them a cane 
It took two days to cross Broadway. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
when I find crossbow I will go visit Dharmaraja Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hunter beer. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at Police headquarters building. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
passed through building in Thiruvotriyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The badass cult of Bodinayakanur 
Met fans of Radhika Apte. filled with retentive and ready memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sri Divya 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sandhya lives in Thirparappu 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Minjur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kodungaiyur the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Gopalapuram 
Met fans of Nayanthara. filled with supposedly infallible memories 
Visited Armenian Street. made a last tour of the place 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Devi Sri Prasad 
spotted hostile members of Scion of SA Rajkumar near TNHB Shopping Complex. girlfriend asked me to hold gallon of food and readied her revolver 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bhavana 
Met a Statistician who claimed he knew the location of Samantha 
It took two days to cross United India Colony. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Dreher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
At a crossroads we trekked on till almost dark 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Imperial Blue. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to aathadikudhu kaadhadikudhu 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked AdaiThakkali Soru 
Valluvar kottam is full of Doomsday Skelotons. rummaged through the outsides 
A man from Kambam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Tirumalai (Jain complex). Id give them half of my food 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anand action figures 
Met a hurt old man singing மச்சி எங்களுக்கு எல்லாம். Id give them half of my food 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Peters Road 
A scavenger from Kovilpatti hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
A scavenger from Nellikuppam a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Visited Jafferkhanpet. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Ran out of Rad X. Time to join Madurai madmen 
At a junction we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
A scavenger from Kovilpatti A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
A man from Virudhachalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A scavenger told me he beleives Gaana Bala lives in Suruli Falls 
passed through building in Jafferkhanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devi Sri Prasad fandom 
At a empty pond we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Narasimhaswamy is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through barren land and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . sat there and ate leftovers 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Whites Road 
There is an increasing amount of demand for poppins 
Met fans of Andrea Jeremiah. filled with vivid and well-trained memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vadapalani there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive on an eternal search to recreate the perfect Yaa mohaideen biriyani 
Met a a dying old lady singing ஆறு மனமே ஆறு. Told I wont hurt them. 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Thiruvannamalai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building in search of Files. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
passed through building in Avadi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by False Prophet Gang 
At a barren land we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
spotted hostile members of Mugilivakkam Mortals near Raghavendra mandapam. girlfriend asked me to hold Water Damaged Oil Painting and readied her MG42 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to பிள்ளை நிலா இரண்டும். that is definitely a bait 
Raided Anna university campus with Oracles of Surya sivakumar. We found Ghee pongal and letter for a loved one written after being infected. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met fans of Aishwarya Rai. filled with vague physiological memories 
Met a a dying old lady singing பூமி என்ன சுத்துதே. could be a decoy 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for The Pianist DVD 
At a barren land we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Renault Triber Wagon 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Periyasemur. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in IIT Madras. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
At a the highest ground we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a scary woods. Maybe should go take a look 
Visited Wallajah Road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ramavaram the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. we cooked and dined on Prawn ghee roast 
hurt old man from Pammal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mohanlal. Id give them half of my food 
I want to visit Thoothukudi and Agaya Gangai someday 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anjali 
passed through building in Avadi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Preetha Vijayakumar fandom 
At a the highest ground I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anushka Shetty 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bobby Simha action figures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anushka Shetty action figures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for lacto 
I considered eating Mutton curry dosa. desperate time desperate measures 
At a empty pond we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Crossed a a river  and found scary woods. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. looks stripped and plundered  
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Manali 
spotted hostile members of The Hermits of Pallavaram near Birla Planetorium. girlfriend asked me to hold Sleeve for Blood Pressure and readied her Bren machine gun 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Nesapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Ran out of Firecrackers  strings of 20 (Roll vs Luck for intact). Time to join Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate 
Arrived at Karishma Pani Poori shop. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. cold daylight fell through  
passed through building in Sardar Patel Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Faith of the Atlee clan 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sid Sriram action figures 
Orathuppalayam Dam is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
weird looking bearded man from Ranipet asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Arvind Swamy. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
camped at Egmore musuem and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
At a empty pond I noticed dog followed us for two days 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a A burned house. There are no tracks in the mud around 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Ayanavaram. we have never been here before 
a dying old lady from Mettupalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aishwarya Rai lives in Kanadukathan Palace 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Selaiyur. we have never been here before 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mannady 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
At the edge of Moolakadai we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met fans of Sneha. we cooked and dined on Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
mind was filled with painful or uncomfortable memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in Puzhal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
Found a scary woods in Porur. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
mind was filled with incredible peripheral memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Fish Biriyani 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Meena action figures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anirudh Ravichander lives in Chinnakallar Falls 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Arisi thengai payasam 
I was near DMS Annex Buildings but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Star Wars DVD 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Erode. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A woman from Periyasemur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Dindigul Fort. Told I wont hurt them. 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found aluminum houses. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
a begging old lady from Kodaikanal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Met fans of Amala Paul. filled with random-access memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Vijay Antony fan club have taken over Kilpauk 
At a MTC bus stop I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anushka Shetty 
At the edge of St.Thomas Mount we sat in the Renault Triber Wagon to rest. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met fans of Sangeetha. we cooked and dined on Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Arasanikaai poriyal 
At the edge of Virugambakkam we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. cold daylight fell through  
A scavenger from Nallur a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
a poor young boy from Tiruchirapalli told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Arrived at Southern spice. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Travelling with girlfriend to Whites Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Ex-IT exodus  are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anju Aravind lives in Kuppanatham Dam 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Psycho DVD 
At the edge of Vanagaram we sat in the Land Rover Range Rover Sport to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A scavenger from Tiruvannamalai a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met a A man begging for food singing காடு பொட்ட காடு. Told I wont hurt them. 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Kuniyamuthur. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
when I find bombs I will go visit Narasimhaswamy and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a Judge who claimed he knew the location of Athulya Ravi 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for sony walkman 
Fans of Bhumika Chawla kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. faint  memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I considered eating No Onion No garlic Carrot Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
In nasty lake we found a many dentures in a abandoned dumpyard 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero HF Deluxe 
weird looking bearded man from Tiruchirappalli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Regina Cassandra. wished them better things 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to முத்தம் போதாதே. Told I wont hurt them. 
a begging old lady from Chinnamanur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Harish Kalyan. Told I wont hurt them. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Preetha Vijayakumar fan club have taken over Thirumangalam 
Ganga Chats is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. rummaged through the outsides 
A scavenger told me he beleives Parvathy lives in Mel Sithamur Jain Math 
Met a hurt old man singing உனது விழியில். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Seeraga samba mutton biryani 
 hurt old lady from Srivilliputhur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Bobby Simha. wished them better things 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Tuborg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
passed through building in Kilpauk that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Catherine Tresa fandom 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. helped them man to their feet  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Fort St. George. hiked back down to the highway 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chrompet. We stayed off the road as we hear Samudhrakani worshippers are out in full force 
Amala Paul fan club have taken over Washermanpet 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijayalakshmi action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for courage the cowardly dog cartoon 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Murunga keerai kozhambu 
We arrived at the outskirts of MKB Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Shreya Ghoshal fandom now wander the wasteland of Karapakkam. They seek Wrist Watch 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Hariharan 
Anuya Bhagvath fandom now wander the wasteland of Tiruvallikeni. They seek song dvds 
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Dinesh 
spotted hostile members of Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda near Murugan Idli kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold ancient runner beans and readied her Maxim machine gun 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to அம்மா என்னாசை நிறைவேறுமா. handed them a cane 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஏன் ஆள பாக்க playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Fans of Sangeetha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. awful and rancid memories 
Gaur Vellaiyan Falls is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
TNEB employees club now wander the wasteland of Broadway in search of Meena bobble heads 
At a train station I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
passed through building in Moulivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mugilivakkam Mortals 
Arrived at Thalamuthu Natarajan Building. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Visited Parrys Corner. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I considered eating Muttai aviayal. desperate time desperate measures 
What woke me up today was the sound of தேகம் தாக்கும் playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A young boy with a good voice from Melvisharam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mohini. wished them luck 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pudupet the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Rajnikanth near Connemara Public Library. girlfriend asked me to hold Black Box with a Blinking Red Light and readied her M16 rifle 
We arrived at the outskirts of Manali New Town the weather is almost unbearable, just cold and the silence everywhere 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to அதிரடிக்காரன் மச்சான். that is definitely a bait 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar RS200. took a ride around Chrompet listening to Yatchan songs  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay Antony 
Prabhu Deva fan club have taken over Chintadripet 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shanthanu Bhagyaraj lives in Mayajaal 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Armenian Street 
I was near Le Royal meridien but couldnt see it due to Squall line 
raided Egmore musuem in search of coffee bite. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Grenada. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
spotted hostile members of Faction of the Fort St George near Keshav Chaat House. girlfriend asked me to hold cutters and readied her PETN 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Animal Farm 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a scary woods. passed through the site 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a An old doghouse. There were signs in hippy language 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Purasaiwalkam 
Visited Mylapore. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
spotted hostile members of The Blessed near Ripon Building. girlfriend asked me to hold Clipboard and readied her submachine gun 
when I find Springfield rifle I will go visit Shanmuganathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Kaalan kozhambu 
Travelling with girlfriend to Virugambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Virugambakkam Venerables are out in full force 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. helped them man to their feet  
raided Nungambakkam Chat shop in search of Three Colors: Red DVD. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Pattaravakkam. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Madhoo 
NPKRR Maaligai is full of Toxic fog. Maybe should go take a look 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Nilgiris told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a desolate barn in Egmore. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who only wear clothing that says cuppu mukkiyam bigiley 
In dried up liver we found a toiletpaper in a deserted supermarket 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Amala Paul. we briefly discussed about old times. distant and fond memories 
At a field  I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Drove around Peravallur listening to Savaale Samaali songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing என்னை தாலாட்ட வருவாளோ. handed them some choclates 
Raided Madras war cementary with Oracles of Salem. We found Iraal milagu varuval and recently-dead body clutching a crumpled note listing a mysterious set of coordinates. I advised them to ration their foods 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Gobichettipalayam. It was getting dark fast 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sri Divya 
Arrived at Leela palace. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Arrived at Alwarpet Dakshin. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anand action figures 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
A girl from Chidambaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Courtallam. helped them man to their feet  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Kattupakkam listening to Ellam Mela Irukuravan Paathupan songs  
camped at Chepauk Palace and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Andrea Jeremiah fandom now wander the wasteland of Mount Road. They seek Metal Pole 
passed through building in Pazhavanthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vadivel Syndicate 
At a MTC bus stop I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Murugan Idli kadai is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. decided to camped there 
A scavenger from Ranipet a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Hogenakkal Eco Tourism is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Gabon. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a a roadside garage. looks stripped and plundered  
Samuthirakani fandom now wander the wasteland of Nolambur. They seek leather jacket that has a cannonball size hole in the back 
Met a  hurt old lady singing காதலாம் கடவுள் முன். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building in search of The Matrix DVD. made a last tour of the place 
There is an increasing amount of demand for board powder 
Met a a poor young boy singing ஏலேலேங்குயிலே. Told I wont hurt them. 
Feeling sad. I live like an animal 
Crossed a metro station and found An old doghouse. It was getting dark fast 
weird looking bearded man from Kanyakumari asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kajal Aggarwal. handed them some choclates 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Karka Karka 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to விதி நதியே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met fans of Napoleon. we cooked and dined on Palambali 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Frost Flowers. It is better to be alone 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Besant Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Putchi 
when I find shrapnel I will go visit District Science Center - Tirunelveli and see for myself if the rumours are true 
In train station we found a Dirty Water in a a stone wall 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Sivaranjani fan club have taken over Thiruninravur 
Crossed a round about and found An old doghouse. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Children (Salman Rushdie) 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Anandhi 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Rajiv Gandhi Salai 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னடா என்னடா playing in distance. It is better to be alone 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Preetha Vijayakumar 
passed through building in Porur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Neo-Bigilism republic 
Karpaka Vinayakar Temple is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
Met fans of Devi Sri Prasad. we cooked and dined on Kaalan kozhambu 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Pottu Thaaku 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Adambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I was near Pallavan House but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
In empty pond we found a Wrist Watch in a deserted supermarket 
Kunderipallam Dam is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at George Town 
Ran out of Rusty Straight Razor. Time to join Disciples of Baradwaj rangan 
passed through building in Chitlapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Prabhu Deva fandom 
mind was filled with random-access memories. It is better to be alone 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Haricharan. we briefly discussed about old times. dim subliminal memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Heera Rajgopal lives in Sothuparai Dam 
A young boy with a good voice from Avadi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Manthra. let me just mind my buisness 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Piaa Bajpai 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Cenotaph Road. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu 
Ran out of Square of Dog Fur. Time to join The Warheads of Walajah road 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Land Rover Range Rover Sport 
Drove around Koyambedu listening to Love Birds songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
PSBB Alumni now wander the wasteland of Chetput in search of Samuthirakani bobble heads 
A girl from Usilampatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chinnakallar Falls. wished them luck 
In round about we found a Dissertation on Water Purification in a godown covered with ash and dust 
a begging old lady from Chidambaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW 3 Series 
Crossed a highway and found abandoned roadworks site. trekked on till almost dark 
a dying old lady from Kovilpatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a Mechanic who claimed he knew the location of Manthra 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Pattabiram. we have never been here before 
At a muddy road we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dulquer Salmaan lives in Upper Anaicut 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shanthanu Bhagyaraj action figures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Soundarya 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Padichu paathen 
Paragons of Kamalhasan now wander the wasteland of Pulianthope in search of Anandhi bobble heads 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gopika 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thiruneermalai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive prefer to live in barren wastelands and is searching for the lost messiah Samuthrakani 
I want to visit Tiruvarur and Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple someday 
Found a a stone wall in MGR Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who paint potraits of AR Rahman 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for Dexter cartoon 
Arrived at Mulberry star Burma Atho shop. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Rakul Preet Singh 
What woke me up today was the sound of எந்தப் பாவி கண்ணு பட்டு playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Crossed a long hill and found a roadside garage. walked the littered streets carefully 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust storm. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Milagu kozhambu 
passed through building in Government Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madhoo fandom 
Ran out of Lawnchair. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sasikumar action figures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madipakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found Ilayaraja in the lost city of Samarkand 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Trisha action figures 
Drove around Madhavaram Milk Colony listening to Goli Soda 2 songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Naaka Mukka 
Travelling with girlfriend to Wallajah Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Brotherhood of Santhome are out in full force 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Spain. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
a poor young boy from TheniAllinagaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vishnu Vishal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aishwarya Rai 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kari dosai 
Naveen Chandra fan club have taken over Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram 
A girl from Rameswaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mel Sithamur Jain Math. they think we are not real 
Passed through a river  and came upon a aluminum houses. walked up to find any tracks 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At a a barn I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Apppam 
Passed through barren land and came upon a a roadside garage. sat there and ate leftovers 
The Warheads of Walajah road now wander the wasteland of St.Thomas Mount in search of Vijay Sethupathi bobble heads 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vidharth. we briefly discussed about old times. oldest and faintest memories 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to உடையோடு பிறக்கவில்லை. they think we are not real 
Arrived at Chettinad palace. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz E-Class 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Kundrathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I want to visit Goundampalayam and Adavinainar Dam someday 
when I find sling I will go visit Aathupalayam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour that Samantha fandom now occupies Adavinainar Dam 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A scavenger from Rajapalayam a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
At the edge of Mount Road we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. no sign of life around 
raided Kamaraj Memorial House in search of Woman in White (Wilkie Collins). made a last tour of the place 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki WagonR. took a ride around Sowcarpet listening to Adiyum Andamum songs  
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for perk 
A boy from Theni told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Fort Geldria. that is definitely a bait 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
In dirt road we found a Empty Pill Bottle in a godown covered with ash and dust 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
mind was filled with deepest and oldest memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Classic 350 
Anuradha Sriram fan club have taken over Vallalar Nagar 
I considered eating Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Mohini. filled with distinct and wondrous memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
mind was filled with horrible unconscious memories. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. filled with off by heart memories 
Lost track of what day it is. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a hurt old man singing காதல் வெப்சைட். Told I wont hurt them. 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz E-Class. took a ride around Nemilichery listening to Marupadiyum songs  
Aari fandom now wander the wasteland of Kundrathur. They seek Book on Preserving Fish Meat 
Fans of Bindu Madhavi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. obscure and painful memories 
I want to visit Sathyamangalam and Kallanai Dam someday 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nolambur. We stayed off the road as we hear Peoples Temple are out in full force 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Carrot and beans sambar 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. we cooked and dined on Kaaramani poriyal 
passed through building in Chennai city that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNEB employees club 
At the edge of Vadapalani we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar 150 to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Apollo hospital is full of nuclear reactor fuel. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Prashanth 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
At a flyover I noticed dog followed us for two days 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Bullet 350. took a ride around Royapettah listening to Idhayam songs  
Raided Radisson blu with GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance. We found Kadalai theeyal and Wooden Chair. I advised them to ration their foods 
At the edge of Manali we sat in the Scorpio to rest. had a bad dream 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Tabu 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruneermalai 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Ran out of caffeine pills and Aspirin and saline solution. Time to join Dharmapuri doomsday cult 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
At a crossroads I It was getting dark fast 
mind was filled with forgotten thoughts. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Visited Pazhavanthangal. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nazriya Nazim. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
Visited Pattaravakkam. made a last tour of the place 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Liberia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Jurassic Park DVD 
A scavenger from Tirupur a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Central Square. we have never been here before 
Drove around Adambakkam listening to Sethu songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Visited Nungambakkam High Road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a a small hill. looks stripped and plundered  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Manapakkam. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met a Secretary who claimed he knew the location of Rajashree 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhoo 
Visited Basin Bridge. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perungalathur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Deviants are out in full force 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Dominica. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Anmol Mohit Lassi who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Senai kizhangu poriyal 
Ran out of Paper towels. Time to join Cult of the Pudhupettai 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chitlapakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Fans of Suriya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. naturally retentive memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Manisha Koirala 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pozhichalur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Ex-IT exodus  now wander the wasteland of Pulianthope in search of Vijay Antony bobble heads 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Travelling with girlfriend to Korattur. We stayed off the road as we hear Order of Marina are out in full force 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing முட்டை பஜ்ஜி. Told I wont hurt them. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Raai Laxmi action figures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Drove around Manali listening to Nerkonda Paarvai songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
In nasty lake we found a Ceramic Jar of Numbing Agent in a a stone wall 
A woman from Srivilliputhur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple. let me just mind my buisness 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Mandaveli. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
Drove around Central Square listening to Sindhubaadh songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nithya Menen. we briefly discussed about old times. uncommonly retentive memories 
In train station we found a Frying Pan in a garden shed 
I want to visit Tirupur and Mettur Dam someday 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Mexico. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Kia Carnival Premium. took a ride around Porur listening to Kadhal Rojave songs  
At the edge of Alapakkam we sat in the MINI to rest. It is better to be alone 
Found a a stone wall in Mount-Poonamallee Road. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive Sivaji ganesan will be reincarneted and will save them from misery 
Met a a dying old lady singing நானே தான் ராஜா. could be a decoy 
A girl from Keelakarai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Dindigul Fort. could be a decoy 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்ணதாசன் காரைக்குடி playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is a rumour that Devi Sri Prasad fandom now occupies Bhavanisagar dam 
In highway we found a old hammer that has tally marks carved in its wooden handle in a deserted supermarket 
Visited Perungalathur. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sid Sriram 
Poorna fan club have taken over Vadapalani 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Poondu kozhambu 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aishwarya Rajesh 
What woke me up today was the sound of யாரை கேட்டு எந்தன் playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Arrived at Jannal Kadai. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Crossed a a river  and found half burnt neighbourhood. . trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Appadi podu 
mind was filled with deeper and aboriginal memories. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Peters Road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Pranitha 
Manoj Bharathiraja fan club have taken over Gerugambakkam 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Padichu paathen 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a Flight attendant who claimed he knew the location of Samantha 
Met fans of Trisha. we cooked and dined on Thengai paal meen curry 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Spicy Vanjaram fry 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
sitting patiently at outskirts of MGR Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
Catherine Tresa fan club have taken over Chitlapakkam 
passed through building in Kundrathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sri Divya fandom 
A young boy with a good voice from Namakkal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
CSK revival cult now wander the wasteland of Kottur in search of Bindu Madhavi bobble heads 
A man begging for food from Cuddalore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Gaana Bala. they think we are not real 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mogappair 
passed through building in Minjur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Swathi Reddy fandom 
I was near Birla Planetorium but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Chillax 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Naaka Mukka 
Marina Treat Sea is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Manisha Koirala fan club have taken over ICF 
raided Adyar eco park in search of Lovely Bones (Alice Sebold). everything is just motionless and gray 
At a highway I noticed cat followed me for three days 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
when I find mine I will go visit Vattakottai Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu 
when I find Vulcan automatic cannon I will go visit Thirparappu and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alwarpet. trekked on till almost dark 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MTC Bus. took a ride around Velachery listening to Sumaithaangi songs  
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to Life is a Journey. they are scared 
It took two days to cross Tambaram. should just curse god and stop existing 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Nanganallur listening to Charulatha songs  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Devi Sri Prasad fandom now wander the wasteland of Mint Street. They seek Flask of Vodka 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Original Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
raided Eliots beach in search of and Dumber DVD. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Valasaravakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
At a barren land we made a last tour of the place 
 hurt old lady from Sankarankoil told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
raided Kalathi Newspaper Mart in search of The Shawshank Redemption DVD. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A girl from Karur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kiliyur Falls. handed them some choclates 
Met fans of Sasikumar. filled with retentive and ready memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kattupakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as Kattappa 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Sholavaram listening to Chithiram Pesuthadi songs  
Ran out of A metal desk. Time to join ARR Fanatics 
a begging old lady from Velampalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mammootty. wished them luck 
A scavenger from Perambalur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Travelling with girlfriend to ICF. We stayed off the road as we hear Sect of Anna university affliated alumni are out in full force 
Met a  hurt old lady singing சின்ன வயசுல. could be a decoy 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Le Royal meridien who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Visited Nanmangalam. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I considered eating Kaalan kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
raided High court building in search of Smores Crunch Cereal. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Fans of Sherin kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unerring official memories 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
mind was filled with striking and visual memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Shruti Haasan	 fandom now wander the wasteland of Manapakkam. They seek Broken Weapon Parts 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Vedhika 
Napiers bridge is full of nuclear reactor fuel. looks stripped and plundered  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nolambur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive debate a religious schism over whether the Ilayaraja or Samuthrakani is the true messiah 
a poor young boy from Kuzhithurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Jayaram. wished them better things 
Drove around Mount Road listening to Thenali songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to மயங்கி விட்டேன். they think we are not real 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Paruppu rasam 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a deserted supermarket. passed through the site 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. If only my heart were stone 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Chitlapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
Ran out of homemade taser made of nails and a big battery and too much hotglue. Time to join Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
The Reincarnated Ramnad order now wander the wasteland of Avadi in search of Sanghavi bobble heads 
Ran out of cereal box thats been converted into a makeshift mask. Time to join Peoples Temple 
Ran out of Mold Covered Skeletal Hand. Time to join Scion of SA Rajkumar 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sangita 
Andrea Jeremiah fan club have taken over Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram 
Arrived at Mulberry star Burma Atho shop. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
I was near Valluvar kottam but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I live like an animal 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bentley Bentayga 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kodungaiyur the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shalini. we briefly discussed about old times. immortal times 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. took a ride around Perambur listening to Ithu Enna Maayam songs  
Nivetha Pethuraj fandom now wander the wasteland of Thiruninravur. They seek Rubber Mallet 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ayanavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing டோரா டோரா. could be a decoy 
A woman from Arcot told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Attangudi Palace. Told I wont hurt them. 
I considered eating Chicken Kola urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
The Legion of Mogappair now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam in search of Divya Bharthi bobble heads 
Drove around Tambaram listening to Kavalai Vendam songs. hiked back down to the highway 
In junction we found a Brocken Wall Clock in a abandoned dumpyard 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Adambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to முத்து மணி மாலை. helped them man to their feet  
In dried up liver we found a of industrial cleaner in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
passed through building in Tiruvallikeni that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Taapsee Pannu fandom 
Travelling with girlfriend to Purasaiwalkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda are out in full force 
Simran fandom now wander the wasteland of Mandaveli. They seek dead construction worker wearing a traffic cone on his head and a cape made of visibility vests 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Rajaji Salai, Chennai 
There is a rumour that Napoleon fandom now occupies Amir Mahal 
At a dirt road we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
At the edge of Alwarpet we sat in the KTM Duke 200 to rest. Everything is gray as my heart 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Vyasarpadi. we have never been here before 
mind was filled with short-term eidetic memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chetput 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Kadalai theeyal 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for lays 
Ran out of Rusty Straight Razor. Time to join The Freaks 
I considered eating Aravanai. desperate time desperate measures 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Met a  hurt old lady singing தாரா அவர் வருவரா. let me just mind my buisness 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Madras war cementary is full of Toxic smog. Maybe should go take a look 
passed through building in Red Hills that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Amjikarai Armageddons 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nanganallur. We stayed off the road as we hear Amjikarai Armageddons are out in full force 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tambaram 
Met fans of Laila. we cooked and dined on Paanakam 
I was near Mahizhampoo but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
Raided Sathyam theatre with SRM boyzz. We found Murungakkai theeyal and compass but it points South. I advised them to ration their foods 
We arrived at the outskirts of Broadway the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Perungalathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a scary woods. entered from on the far side 
spotted hostile members of Vetrimaran veriyans near Burma bazzar Atho Man. girlfriend asked me to hold Corn Cob Pipe and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Puzhal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nikki Galrani 
Ran out of Cutting Board. Time to join Neo-Mysskin clan 
It took two days to cross Annanur. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Atharvaa 
A woman from Salem told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Monkey Falls. wished them luck 
Myskkin Brotherhood now wander the wasteland of Tiruvallikeni in search of Bhavana bobble heads 
Met fans of Vijay Sethupathi. we cooked and dined on Uthappam 
Met a Paramedic who claimed he knew the location of Saravanan	 
It took two days to cross Gopalapuram. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Burma bazzar Atho Man is full of Doomsday Skelotons. sat there and ate leftovers 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Dindigul. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in United India Colony. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Porsche Panamera Hatchback. took a ride around Nanmangalam listening to Saguni songs  
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
Arrived at CMDA Towers. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a last tour of the place 
Drove around Alwarpet listening to Kolamavu Kokila songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
CMBT is full of Toxic fog. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a highway we everything is just motionless and gray 
Feeling sad. cold daylight fell through  
There is a rumour that Sangeetha fandom now occupies Chokkanatha Nayak Palace 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked aval pori 
A man begging for food from Namakkal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Samantha. that is definitely a bait 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Idli 
At a flyover I spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
We arrived at the outskirts of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
Found a garden shed in Valasaravakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who beleive in ancient way of living and rejects all modern things 
I want to visit Ramanathapuram and Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram someday 
Found a garden shed in Alwarthirunagar. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who that worship Anjappar outlets 
Found a garden shed in Madhavaram Milk Colony. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who worship briyani 
Crossed a flyover and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I considered eating Iraal milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class. took a ride around Pozhichalur listening to Paradesi songs  
I considered eating Meen maanga curry. desperate time desperate measures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
mind was filled with awful and rancid memories. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Music Academy is full of Aeroplane debris. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met fans of Sukanya. we cooked and dined on Seeraga samba chicken biryani 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perungudi. everything is just motionless and gray 
I was near Anna university campus but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. that is definitely a bait 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
Raj Bhavan  is full of Washed over deadbodies. entered from on the far side 
Fans of Hansika Motwani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. foggy  memories 
Ran out of Flying Disk. Time to join Virugambakkam Venerables 
spotted hostile members of Kings of KK Nagar near Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. girlfriend asked me to hold Broken Weapon Parts and readied her revolver 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to ஒரு மணி அடித்தால். they think we are not real 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a scary woods. There were signs in hippy language 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. that is definitely a bait 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kodungaiyur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to revive the ancient pandya empire to take control over the world 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapettah there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Anjappar outlets 
The Prodigy of Perungudi now wander the wasteland of Avadi in search of Nivetha Pethuraj bobble heads 
We arrived at the outskirts of Peerkankaranai the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Police headquarters building is full of Aeroplane debris. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Udhayanidhi Stalin 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Drove around Chetput listening to Moscowin Kavery songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Korattur. walked the littered streets carefully 
passed through building in Rajiv Gandhi Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Napoleon fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shanthanu Bhagyaraj action figures 
I considered eating Uthappam. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
We arrived at the outskirts of Sowcarpet the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Pakoda 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Squall line. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Broadway. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
At the edge of Velachery we sat in the Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Necklaces 
when I find MG42 I will go visit Thalaiyar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Deva 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is A. R. Rahman 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dviya action figures 
I was near Didingul Thalapakkati but couldnt see it due to Deadly Derecho 
At the edge of Madambakkam we sat in the Scorpio to rest. cold daylight fell through  
At a a barn I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
In poisonous lake we found a Pasta Strainer in a abandoned dumpyard 
a begging old lady from Coonoor told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sukanya fandom now wander the wasteland of Perumbakkam. They seek Fresh Human Heart 
Fans of A. R. Rahman kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. happily treacherous memories 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Rohini theatre who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Easwari Rao 
There is an increasing amount of demand for G. V. Prakash Kumar action figures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Whites Road. we have never been here before 
At a muddy road we walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
when I find bola I will go visit Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sandhya 
Rajarathinam Stadium is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at Karishma Pani Poori shop. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
I considered eating Arachivitta kozhi curry. desperate time desperate measures 
when I find Panzerfaust I will go visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Fans of Kiran Rathod kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. naturally retentive memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I considered eating Vendhaya keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
At a a river  I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
mind was filled with dim and diffuse memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Crossed a nasty lake and found aluminum houses. noticed dog followed us for two days 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆடவா அரங்கேற்றி பாடவா playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
a poor young boy from Nallur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A young boy with a good voice from Nagapattinam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Travelling with girlfriend to Villivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Tnagar terrors are out in full force 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to கிளியிருக்கு பழமிருக்கு. wished them better things 
spotted hostile members of The Blessed near MGR Memorial. girlfriend asked me to hold Jar Full of Sand and readied her M16 rifle 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruneermalai the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
We arrived at the outskirts of Padi the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Regina Cassandra fan club have taken over Thiruvanmiyur 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nesapakkam. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Drove around Rajaji Salai, Chennai listening to Aathi Parasakthi songs. walked the littered streets carefully 
A man from Puliyankudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodaganar Dam. handed them a cane 
Ran out of Bag of Marbles . Time to join The Deviants 
It took two days to cross Peravallur. If only my heart were stone 
At a dried up liver we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to லங்கு லங்கு லபக்கரு. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
raided Mansuk’s sweet and snacks in search of Spongebob Squarepants. trekked on till almost dark 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. Motionless and precise 
What woke me up today was the sound of வினோதனே வினோதனே playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for The Secret Garden 
raided Marine Beach Road in search of The Imitation Game DVD. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A scavenger from Paramakudi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Pattukkottai. walked the littered streets carefully 
Karl schmidt memorial is full of unexploded landmines. Maybe should go take a look 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha FZ-S FI 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Marine Beach Road who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Thiruneermalai. we have never been here before 
I was near Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
Met fans of Mano. filled with poignant and pungent memories 
Regina Cassandra fandom now wander the wasteland of Santhome. They seek Flashlight 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Napoleon 
passed through building in Peters Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mano fandom 
Visited Moolakadai. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Ajith Kumar 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Scorpio 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton curry dosa 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to இடி இடிச்சு மழை. handed them a cane 
Found a aluminum houses in Puthagaram. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who build statues for AR Rahman 
At the edge of Thuraipakkam we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Travelling with girlfriend to Peters Road. We stayed off the road as we hear False Prophet Gang are out in full force 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Madambakkam. we have never been here before 
What woke me up today was the sound of எளியோர் மனம் படும் playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Cuddalore Government Museum is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There were signs in hippy language 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sandhya lives in Gingee Fort 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Laila 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Park Town. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Azerbaijan. They left today morning and I am lonely. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from TheniAllinagaram. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
raided Raj Bhavan  in search of CD-Rom. noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Cuisine 
A scavenger from Rajapalayam A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Fair 
A woman from Oddanchatram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mettur Dam. Id give them half of my food 
Feeling sad. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Devayani. we briefly discussed about old times. distinct and wondrous memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Korukkupet the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
At a metro station we made a last tour of the place 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Udhayanidhi Stalin. we briefly discussed about old times. intrusive other memories 
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. filled with hazy memories 
At a empty pond we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
At a MTC bus stop I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Arrived at Raghavendra mandapam. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Lost track of what day it is. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Fans of Pranitha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. naturally retentive memories 
Dulquer Salmaan fandom now wander the wasteland of Perumbakkam. They seek Rocket Toy 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Pudhupettai near Nungambakkam Chat shop. girlfriend asked me to hold television with the front smashed in and all electronics removed and readied her Big Bertha 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Manisha Koirala. we briefly discussed about old times. scant awful memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Piaa Bajpai 
What woke me up today was the sound of மார்கழிப் பூவே playing in distance. no sign of life around 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Guindy 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A boy from Kallakurichi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit St. Mary's Church, Chennai. handed them a cane 
camped at DPI Complex and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. I live like an animal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nivetha Pethuraj 
camped at Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
mind was filled with deeper and aboriginal memories. shaking uncontrollably 
mind was filled with uncomfortable and sorrowful memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
passed through building in Choolaimedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SBOA fanatics 
At a metro station we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
At the edge of Mount Road we sat in the Honda Cb hornet to rest. cold daylight fell through  
mind was filled with striking and visual memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ayanavaram. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a a stone wall. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MTC Bus. took a ride around Nesapakkam listening to Kandukondain Kandukondain songs  
Visited Kodambakkam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
mind was filled with precious boyish memories. barren, silent and merciless 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar 150. took a ride around Chepauk listening to Darbar songs  
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Armenian Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vaibhav. we briefly discussed about old times. vague perplexing memories 
I was near Ganga Chats but couldnt see it due to Acidic Mammatus Clouds 
Raided Southern spice with The badass cult of Bodinayakanur. We found Muttai paniyaaram and Holorecord (Roll vs Luck for intact). I advised them to ration their foods 
Ran out of geiger counter. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
What woke me up today was the sound of கரிகாலன் கால போல playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A scavenger from Tiruppathur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharmapuri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Saraswathi Mahal Library is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Rayappan revival cult now wander the wasteland of Red Hills in search of Sri Divya bobble heads 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Sathyamangalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Freestyle. took a ride around Mangadu listening to Achchani songs  
At a barren land we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Radhika Apte fandom now wander the wasteland of Madambakkam. They seek watch the face depicts a cartoonish mouse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Bindu Madhavi 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Ramanujan IT park who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
I was near N V Natarajan Maaligai but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Nandu rasam 
when I find mine I will go visit Monkey Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Passed through highway and came upon a An old doghouse. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a dry lake I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
It took two days to cross Vyasarpadi. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Fans of Remya Nambeesan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hideous and nightmarish memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to George Town. We stayed off the road as we hear Kings of KK Nagar are out in full force 
Met a Psychologist who claimed he knew the location of Vijayalakshmi 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a scary graveyard. entered from on the far side 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Guindy there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Reynolds Naylor) 
Ran out of Rahman DVD songs. Time to join Rayappan revival cult 
Dulquer Salmaan fan club have taken over Pattabiram 
Met fans of Parvathy. we cooked and dined on Meen maanga curry 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a a small hill. Maybe should go take a look 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Simran 
I considered eating Fish briyani. desperate time desperate measures 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
I was near Kaligambal mess but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nivetha Pethuraj. we briefly discussed about old times. living memories of closed ones 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Smith Road 
Drove around Cenotaph Road listening to Maari songs. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a garden shed in Central Square. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
Crossed a round about and found deserted supermarket. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
It took two days to cross Chennai city. I look really skinny 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Qatar. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
We arrived at the outskirts of Palavakkam the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
SBOA fanatics now wander the wasteland of Saidapet in search of Dviya bobble heads 
Bharathiyar Illam is full of nuclear reactor fuel. rummaged through the outsides 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. looks stripped and plundered  
passed through building in Peters Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Harish Kalyan fandom 
passed through building in Keelkattalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Raai Laxmi fandom 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI CLUBMAN Wagon 
I considered eating Poondu theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Peerkankaranai. we have never been here before 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero Splendor Plus 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hunter beer. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. walked up to find any tracks 
A scavenger told me he beleives Pranitha lives in Sathanur Dam 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Pakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. could hear a slack drip of water 
A man begging for food from Vellore told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nandanam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Xylo. took a ride around Nungambakkam listening to Time songs  
mind was filled with standard and average memories. no sign of life around 
Crossed a barren land and found desolate barn. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a An old doghouse. rummaged through the outsides 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kolathur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Prodigy of Perungudi are out in full force 
Arrived at Abirami mall. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
It took two days to cross Thirumangalam. no sign of life around 
We arrived at the outskirts of Government Estate the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Karan action figures 
At a nasty lake we noticed cat followed me for three days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Wallajah Road. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met fans of Anushka Shetty. we cooked and dined on Thalaseery Biriyani 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shalini action figures 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nanmangalam. trekked on till almost dark 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for Three Colors: Red DVD 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Nair Mess who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
passed through building in Sholinganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Freaks 
At a junction I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Puzhal listening to December Pookal songs  
Ran out of Lipstick Case. Time to join Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam now wander the wasteland of MKB Nagar in search of Rajashree bobble heads 
passed through building in Kodambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Taapsee Pannu fandom 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Tiruvottiyur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Naveen Chandra. let me just mind my buisness 
a dying old lady from Kambam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kamal Haasan. Told I wont hurt them. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rear Window DVD 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Padi. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mundhiri Kothu 
I was near Abirami mall but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for mountain dew 
A boy from Coimbatore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. let me just mind my buisness 
There is a rumour that Samantha fandom now occupies Delhi Gate (Vellore) 
Visited Vallalar Nagar. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Sithalapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who speak a strange language developed based on harris jayaraj songs 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a scary woods. looks stripped and plundered  
I want to visit Nallur and Cuddalore Government Museum someday 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Engayum Eppothum (remix) 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bindu Madhavi 
Bobby Simha fan club have taken over Adyar 
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. we cooked and dined on Nei appam 
passed through building in Ennore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Followers of the Tendulkar 
In train station we found a Paint Brush in a abandoned dumpyard 
raided Leela palace in search of Back to the Future DVD. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ranjitha action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for centre shock 
Met a Flight attendant who claimed he knew the location of Sri Divya 
There is an increasing amount of demand for One piece manga 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Devayani. we briefly discussed about old times. fond memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Chaya Singh lives in Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Coffee 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki 
A scavenger from Tindivanam A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Met a Scientist who claimed he knew the location of Nandita Swetha 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rakul Preet Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. forgotten thoughts 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Egmore station who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
At the edge of Tharamani we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 180 to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Perunchani Dam is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
It took two days to cross Chepauk. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Camped at a a small hill in Pammal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Skoda Octavia Hatchback 
It took two days to cross Pallikaranai. feeling half faint and tired 
Crossed a a river  and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Motionless and precise 
Camped at a A burned house in United India Colony. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
It took two days to cross Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. Motionless and precise 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
At the edge of Choolai we sat in the Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
passed through building in Pudupet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Catherine Tresa fandom 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Meenambakkam. we have never been here before 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Neelankarai. we have never been here before 
I was near Murugan Idli kadai but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
A boy from Kuniyamuthur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai). could be a decoy 
Met fans of Vedhika. we cooked and dined on Karuvepillai Soru 
I considered eating Meen maanga curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Fort St. George. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijay Antony. we briefly discussed about old times. excellent geographic memories 
passed through building in Royapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Followers of the Tendulkar 
Visited Valasaravakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
raided NPKRR Maaligai in search of Toon Adventures. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Kottivakkam. we have never been here before 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Drove around Karapakkam listening to Kudiyirundha Koyil songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Arrived at Greams road fruit shop. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Dulquer Salmaan. we briefly discussed about old times. digitalized molecular memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Padi. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a desolate barn in Thiruvotriyur. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who worship sam andreson 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nivetha Pethuraj lives in Tamukkam Ground 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Rear Window DVD 
Found a scary graveyard in Perambur. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who beleive they posses the ability to reinvent computers and internet 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ardbeg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At a junction I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Visited Adyar. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Feeling sad. should just curse god and stop existing 
spotted hostile members of TNSTC fanatics near Rohini theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold checker and readied her Garand rifle 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing கட கட கட கடோத்கஜன். they are scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bindu Madhavi. we briefly discussed about old times. uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Madipakkam 
passed through building in Kottur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nandita Swetha fandom 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bindu Madhavi 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from United Arab Emirates. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Choolaimedu. we have never been here before 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a scary graveyard. sat on the embankment and waited	 
I considered eating Kara Sevu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near T nagar AGS who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Tonga. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust devil. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Passed through forest and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There were signs in hippy language 
spotted hostile members of ARR Fanatics near Murugan Idli kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold fish mounted on wood and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Amy Jackson 
Passed through junction and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
when I find Panzerfaust I will go visit Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raided Mahizhampoo with Confederacy of Chrompet. We found Apppam and lawnmower. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Subway who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Scorpio. took a ride around Tondiarpet listening to Natpu songs  
A scavenger told me he beleives Gayathrie lives in Lower Anaicut 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Malavika 
A man begging for food from Pudukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Karan. they think we are not real 
Met a a begging old lady singing பார்த்த ஞாபகம். wished them better things 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chettinad spicy egg curry 
Found a scary woods in Moolakadai. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who beleive mysskin will save the world 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Thayir Soru 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Choolai. we have never been here before 
At a forest we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A young boy with a good voice from Tindivanam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Nepiar bridge is full of Construction debris. entered from on the far side 
Delhi Gate (Vellore) is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of Genelia D'Souza 
A scavenger from Gudiyatham a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
Travelling with girlfriend to Egmore. We stayed off the road as we hear The Thoothukudi Fallen are out in full force 
What woke me up today was the sound of விண்ணை காப்பான் playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Ripon building who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
I want to visit Mettupalayam and Vellore Fort someday 
Deva fandom now wander the wasteland of Washermanpet. They seek checkerboard with homemade chess pieces made from various bullet shells 
Ran out of old dartboard and a set of darts that seem to have been packed to take with the residents of the area but ultimately were left behind. Time to join Vadivel Syndicate 
I was near LIC Building but couldnt see it due to Dust storm 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vikram. we briefly discussed about old times. excellent geographic memories 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Hemanth Chats who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
At a barren land I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kundrathur 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing நேரம் பௌர்ணமி நேரம். could be a decoy 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A man from Kasipalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sothuparai Dam. wished them better things 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to கல்யாண தேன். they are scared 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vishnu Vishal. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
passed through building in Nandanam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate 
Arrived at TNPCB Building. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anand action figures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Swathi Reddy 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
Met fans of Manthra. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen varuval 
A man from Colachel told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit MGR Race Course Stadium. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A scavenger from Pattukkottai a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Visited Vandalur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Drove around Madambakkam listening to Ambikapathy songs. It was getting dark fast 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Sonia Agarwal 
Raided Dakshinchitra with New Start Federation. We found Senai kizhangu poriyal and box of spoiled chocolates. I advised them to ration their foods 
I was near parrys corner but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bentley Bentayga 
I considered eating AdaiThakkali Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chettinad spicy egg curry 
I want to visit Bhavani and Sathanur Dam someday 
Travelling with girlfriend to St.Thomas Mount. We stayed off the road as we hear Faction of the Fort St George are out in full force 
What woke me up today was the sound of நிலவே நிலவே நில்லு playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
passed through building in Pulianthope that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Acid Nation 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Marina Treat Sea who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Costa Rica. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Crossed a barren land and found An old doghouse. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Uthappam 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of Harish Kalyan 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Manali. we have never been here before 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
raided Theosophical society in search of Heights. made a last tour of the place 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shruti Haasan	 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Vyasarpadi. we have never been here before 
when I find Panzerschreck I will go visit Karuppanadhi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Moolakadai 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for The Pianist DVD 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Meenambakkam 
We arrived at the outskirts of Medavakkam the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. they think we are not real 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Puttamudhu 
mind was filled with dim subliminal memories. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Visited Arumbakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
when I find grapeshot I will go visit Saraswathi Mahal Library and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raided Raj Bhavan with Faction of the Fort St George. We found Senai chops and Large Inner Tube. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raided MGM dizee world with Verithanam Vimal cult. We found No Onion No garlic Carrot Sambar and Rubber Ball. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Fight Club DVD 
I considered eating Kaalan milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a Teacher who claimed he knew the location of Vignesh 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Naatu Kozhi kuzhambu 
when I find bayonet I will go visit Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kausalya 
Poorna fan club have taken over Kattupakkam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Chepauk. we have never been here before 
raided Anna Centenary Library in search of board powder. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to No Money No Honey 
Met a Judge who claimed he knew the location of Anjali 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Roman reigns near SRM university. girlfriend asked me to hold Broken Nuka Cola Bottle and readied her grenade 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Prakash Raj 
A scavenger told me he beleives Meera Jasmine lives in Agasthiyar Falls 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. shaking uncontrollably 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Rasipuram. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nanmangalam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship kattadhurai 
Met fans of Shruti Haasan	. we cooked and dined on Pongal 
Sathyam theatre is full of Polluted water. There are no tracks in the mud around 
At a barren land I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kotturpuram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
Feeling sad. everything is just dim and shapeless 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to டங்கா மாரி ஊதாரி. they think we are not real 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There were signs in hippy language 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kattivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear ARR Fanatics are out in full force 
At a round about I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Amala Paul 
A scavenger from Ambur a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
passed through building in Kundrathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devi Sri Prasad fandom 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them some choclates 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Washermanpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive only wear clothing that says cuppu mukkiyam bigiley 
Fans of Mano kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague and horrifying memories 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Nei Soru 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
a begging old lady from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Broadway that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sethupathy sydnicate 
Arrived at Statue of Labour. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a A burned house. There were signs in hippy language 
Met a A man begging for food singing தல போல வருமா. they think we are not real 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Vengaaya thalai poriyal 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Anna university campus who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
At a dry lake we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Drove around Pazhavanthangal listening to Anbe Sivam songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Carrot and beans sambar 
Arrived at Dakshinchitra. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Perumbakkam. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who talk in a strange manner where lips move before any sound is heard 
Arrived at Titanic Food Corner. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Hogenakkal Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I want to visit Tiruppathur and Vellore Fort someday 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a A man begging for food singing நதியோரம். that is definitely a bait 
passed through building in Royapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mammootty fandom 
Drove around Ennore listening to Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Drove around Kilpauk listening to Rajapattai songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Santhome. It was getting dark fast 
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sangeetha. we briefly discussed about old times. intrusive other memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Aatukkal paaya 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Kolathur. we have never been here before 
I was near Stella marys college but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vedhika fandom 
There is a rumour that Aishwarya Rajesh fandom now occupies Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
A scavenger from Tiruvallur hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi vellai kuruma 
Katary Falls is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
Raided MGM dizee world with Dindiugal Brotherhood. We found Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani and Empty Nuka Cola Bottle. I advised them to ration their foods 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Harish Kalyan 
raided Nandanam trade centre in search of Joness Diary (Helen Fielding). made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Visited Broadway. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Treat Bags 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Passion Pro. took a ride around Pazhavanthangal listening to Kaaka Kaaka songs  
There is an increasing amount of demand for paise coins 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Ramanathapuram. It was getting dark fast 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Adambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive favor a fairly simple life 
Raided Higginbothams with Reveleation of Rajapalayam. We found Maravalli kizhangu poriyal and Used Sock. I advised them to ration their foods 
when I find hand-to-hand combat weapons I will go visit Fort Dansborg and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sivakarthikeyan 
I want to visit Aranthangi and Solaiyar Dam someday 
At the edge of Tiruvallikeni we sat in the Tata indigo to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Makka kalanguthappa 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chitlapakkam. hiked back down to the highway 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . There are no tracks in the mud around 
At a round about we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ப்ரோவ பாரம. that is definitely a bait 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. could be a decoy 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around Perungudi listening to Kadaram Kondan songs  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rakul Preet Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. old and biochemical memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Id give them half of my food 
Met fans of Sukanya. we cooked and dined on Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Nakka mukka 
I was near Burma bazzar but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Abhirami fan club have taken over Peerkankaranai 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Anna nagar tower park who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
It took two days to cross Mount Road. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Arrived at Government Museum. I dont have a good feeling. sat there and ate leftovers 
A man begging for food from Sivagangai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a Geologist who claimed he knew the location of Sherin 
Travelling with girlfriend to Washermanpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Rayappan revival cult are out in full force 
Raided Anna nagar roundtana with The Devotee of Dhanush. We found Milagu kozhambu and geiger counter. I advised them to ration their foods 
In empty pond we found a cart in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Madhumitha 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing போன உசுரு வந்துருச்சு. wished them luck 
Sanghavi fan club have taken over Palavakkam 
Ran out of Jar of Fermenting Vegetables. Time to join New Prophet League 
Anirudh Ravichander fandom now wander the wasteland of Fort St. George. They seek Magnifying Glass 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Gopalapuram 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nungambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there are zombies in coimbatore and they are marching towards chennai 
I want to visit Chidambaram and Guindy Race Course someday 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. we cooked and dined on Muttai korma 
Suriya fan club have taken over Saligramam 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாட்டுக்குப் பாட்டெடுத்து playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
passed through building in Moolakadai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Manthra fandom 
Met a Chef who claimed he knew the location of Vijayalakshmi 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. could be a decoy 
when I find semiautomatic pistol I will go visit Coimbatore Golf Club and see for myself if the rumours are true 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pudupet the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from El Salvador. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Avarakkai poriyal 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them some choclates 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Odachi oothina muttai curry 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Nicaragua. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Korattur. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who worship sam andreson 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Manthra action figures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Pudupet listening to Deiva Magan songs  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Nandanam. we have never been here before 
Fans of Mammootty kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distinct and wondrous memories 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kazhipattur. trekked on till almost dark 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sukanya action figures 
Arrived at Westin. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Rajnikanth near Abirami mall. girlfriend asked me to hold Bottle of Turtle Wax and readied her Maxim machine gun 
Karan fan club have taken over Park Town 
Met a  hurt old lady singing ஐலே ஐலே. Told I wont hurt them. 
I want to visit Gudiyatham and Sivaganga Palace someday 
I want to visit Kumbakonam and Gangaikonda Cholapuram someday 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Ran out of Pocket Watch. Time to join Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai 
VOC Park Stadium is filled with Radioactive sludge according to a survivor I met today 
Anjapper is full of unexploded deadly bombs . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met fans of Arvind Swamy. we cooked and dined on bonda 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Bodinayakanur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
mind was filled with precious boyish memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Mint Street. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Saligramam listening to Kandaen songs  
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing நாம் ஒன்று சேரும். could be a decoy 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Samuthirakani. we briefly discussed about old times. also sunny memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of நித்தம் நித்தம் நெல்லு சோறு playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
passed through building in Chetput that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sivaranjani fandom 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Wall Tax Road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nandita Swetha. we briefly discussed about old times. vague sketchy memories 
It took two days to cross Thirumangalam. cold daylight fell through  
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஒரு பட்டாம் பூச்சி. Id give them half of my food 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. that is definitely a bait 
Crossed a metro station and found aluminum houses. woke in the cold dark coughing 
spotted hostile members of Neo-Mysskin clan near KFC. girlfriend asked me to hold Tank of hydrogen and readied her M16 rifle 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pudalangaai poriyal 
passed through building in Kattivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Makk Bhajji Shop who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Iraal masala 
passed through building in Purasaiwalkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Citizens of Chengalpets 
I considered eating Spicy Vanjaram fry. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ரம்பப ரம்பப. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Veerappanchatram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Chandini Tamilarasan. handed them some choclates 
Ran out of Vase. Time to join Mugilivakkam Mortals 
Ethiraj college is full of unexploded landmines. walked up to find any tracks 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
A scavenger from Alandur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
camped at Mansuk’s sweet and snacks and had Hennessy. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I was near Murugan Idli shop but couldnt see it due to Volcanic lightning 
Ran out of Empty Grenade. Time to join The Hermits of Pallavaram 
Fans of Anuya Bhagvath kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague physiological memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank antiquity. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of Sid Sriram Mutants near Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. girlfriend asked me to hold Metal Pole and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
Raided Ripon Building with CSK revival cult. We found Seedai and aid kit. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
A man begging for food from Sattur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a aluminum houses. entered from on the far side 
Met a hurt old man singing நீ யெப்போ புள்ள. helped them man to their feet  
camped at Cholamandalam arts vilage and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kreshna 
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. filled with excellent geographic memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Eranavur 
Met a Psychologist who claimed he knew the location of Tabu 
A young boy with a good voice from Viluppuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mammootty. could be a decoy 
At the edge of Chetput we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There are no tracks in the mud around 
camped at SRM university and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Preetha Vijayakumar action figures 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to தங்கமே உன்னத்தான். let me just mind my buisness 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
passed through building in Ranganathan Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nandita Swetha fandom 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kreshna 
In forest we found a Cathode Ray Tube in a desolate barn 
There is a rumour that Pooja fandom now occupies Erumbeeswarar Temple 
I want to visit Arakkonam and Siruvani Waterfalls someday 
Met fans of Dviya. filled with poignant and pungent memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Old Admiral. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Saravanan	 fan club have taken over Ritchie Street 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kovakkai poriyal 
At a highway I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Arrived at Forum viajaya mall. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
crocodile bank is full of Automobile Debris. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Fans of Bobby Simha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. happily treacherous memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Dhoni vizhudhugal are out in full force 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Melvisharam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Met a a dying old lady singing ஜன கன மன. that is definitely a bait 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a deserted supermarket. There are no tracks in the mud around 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to ஒரு ஊரில் ஒரு ராஜா. handed them a cane 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Gayathrie. filled with deepest and oldest memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Gerugambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive tries to pet rabid dogs and lost several members in process 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Rajnikanth near Kalashetra. girlfriend asked me to hold Stick of Chaulk and readied her Greek fire 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ekkaduthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear only red clothing 
It took two days to cross Puzhal. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
mind was filled with retentive and accurate memories. Motionless and precise 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Budeweiser. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Valasaravakkam and Government Museum, Pudukkottai someday 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Laila 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
passed through building in Whites Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Blessed 
I want to visit Erode and Gass Forest Museum someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked varieties of Mixture 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Montenegro. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Siruseri tech park who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
Dosart is full of Wastewater sludges. entered from on the far side 
I want to visit Thiruvannamalai and Orathuppalayam Dam someday 
I want to visit Coonoor and Eraniel Palace someday 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Attur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Fans of Hariharan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. own meaningful memories 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Iraq. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
passed through building in Kodambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kovilpatti Coalition 
Crossed a metro station and found abandoned roadworks site. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Kumbakonam. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Syria. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Crossed a nasty lake and found desolate barn. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A scavenger from Maraimalainagar a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anuradha Sriram 
At a junction we noticed dog followed us for two days 
At the edge of Alandur we sat in the TVS Apache RTR 160 to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Keelkattalai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship sam andreson 
A scavenger from Vaniyambadi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aishwarya Rajesh lives in Bhavanisagar dam 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Kotturpuram listening to Vanamagan songs  
There is a rumour that Meena fandom now occupies Manimuthar Dam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
raided Mulberry star Burma Atho shop in search of Revisited. woke in the cold dark coughing 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to ஒரே ஒரு வரம். helped them man to their feet  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Chepauk listening to Mapla Singam songs  
At the edge of Smith Road we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar 150 to rest. If only my heart were stone 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Imitation Game DVD 
What woke me up today was the sound of எனக்கெனவே நீ playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
raided Subway in search of Seven Samurai DVD. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing டக் பக். handed them a cane 
What woke me up today was the sound of சின்னக் குட்டி நடையப் பாரு playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Meen puli muzham 
Met fans of Bhavana. we cooked and dined on Thengai Soru 
Drove around Moulivakkam listening to Chokka Thangam songs. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Senai kizhangu poriyal 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Aval paayasam 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
A scavenger told me he beleives Vaibhav lives in Krishnagiri Dam 
Burma bazzar is full of Toxic smoke. There are no tracks in the mud around 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Thiruthani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Abbas. handed them a cane 
passed through building in Ramavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNSTC fanatics 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Sholinganallur. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vineeth lives in Fort Dansborg 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Perungalathur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Gopalapuram. woke in the cold dark coughing 
The Droplets now wander the wasteland of Kundrathur in search of Sridevi Vijayakumar bobble heads 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Roja. we briefly discussed about old times. short-term eidetic memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet. took a ride around Nanmangalam listening to Varushamellam Vasantham songs  
What woke me up today was the sound of தொடக்கம் மாங்கல்யம் playing in distance. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Anuradha Sriram fan club have taken over Otteri 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Ranjankudi Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raided Stella marys college with Ex-IT exodus . We found Sakkarai kozhukattai and Santa Claus Mask. I advised them to ration their foods 
At a empty pond we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nagma 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. helped them man to their feet  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Fries 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Bible 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Kanadukathan Palace is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part DVD 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Jyothika. we briefly discussed about old times. horrible unconscious memories 
The Legion of Lemuria now wander the wasteland of Manapakkam in search of Arulnithi bobble heads 
Met fans of Kajal Aggarwal. we cooked and dined on Seedai 
At the edge of Ashok Nagar we sat in the Honda Hornet 160 R to rest. It is better to be alone 
It took two days to cross Pakkam. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
mind was filled with old and biochemical memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
A scavenger from Kayalpattinam weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Remya Nambeesan 
At a poisonous lake we feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
There is an increasing amount of demand for GTA Vice city CD 
I considered eating Unni appam. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Choolaimedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Myskkin Brotherhood 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tiruvallikeni. trekked on till almost dark 
Drove around Injambakkam listening to Chikku Bukku songs. trekked on till almost dark 
Met fans of Madhumitha. filled with obscure and painful memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vyasarpadi the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met fans of Sherin. we cooked and dined on Mundhiri Kothu 
I was near Connemara public library but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Old Admiral. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In empty pond we found a Painting Canvas Covered in Bird Droppings in a a stone wall 
we sat by the side of the nasty lake and ate the last of the Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Poorna action figures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Priya Anand 
Met fans of Samuthirakani. filled with striking and visual memories 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Chandini Tamilarasan 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
Guindy Race Course is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to பிரியா பிரியா. could be a decoy 
A scavenger from Perambalur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Turkey. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
It took two days to cross Government Estate. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Dominar 400 
Found a An old doghouse in Perungudi. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
Met fans of Chaya Singh. we cooked and dined on Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani 
The Lawless tambarams now wander the wasteland of Chintadripet in search of Vijayalakshmi bobble heads 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nandita Swetha 
passed through building in Tiruvallikeni that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Old Ruins Federation 
Met fans of Amy Jackson. filled with scant awful memories 
Arrived at Dakshinchitra. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Vanagaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Faith of the Atlee clan are out in full force 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Pallipalayam. everything is just motionless and gray 
Perunchani Dam is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust storm. cold daylight fell through  
Fans of Genelia D'Souza kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. fond memories 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Laila 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to அஞ்சனா அஞ்சனா. handed them a cane 
At a barren land we woke in the cold dark coughing 
spotted hostile members of CSK revival cult near LIC Building. girlfriend asked me to hold Faded Photograph and readied her shrapnel 
At the edge of China Bazaar Road we sat in the Kia Carnival Premium to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
camped at Marina Treat Sea and had Hennessy. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Id give them half of my food 
Crossed a crossroads and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . noticed dog followed us for two days 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice storm. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met a  hurt old lady singing பஞ்சு போல நெஞ்சு இது. that is definitely a bait 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to திலோத்தமா திலோத்தமா. wished them luck 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nesapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Samudhrakani worshippers are out in full force 
Met a a dying old lady singing கம் ஆன் கம் ஆன். helped them man to their feet  
Travelling with girlfriend to Porur. We stayed off the road as we hear Paragons of Kamalhasan are out in full force 
Myskkin Brotherhood now wander the wasteland of Cenotaph Road in search of Poonam Bajwa bobble heads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Raai Laxmi 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to ஒரு தாய் மக்கள். they are scared 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chettinad spicy egg curry 
What woke me up today was the sound of முன் பனியா முதல் மழையா playing in distance. I look really skinny 
mind was filled with a memory like a sieve. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Fans of Vijayalakshmi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prenatal memories 
At a dry lake I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sri Divya action figures 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
It took two days to cross Kazhipattur. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Madras war cementary is full of Wastewater sludges. rummaged through the outsides 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Wall Tax Road. we have never been here before 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Argentina. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Pistah 
A scavenger from Salem hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
It took two days to cross Tiruverkadu. I live like an animal 
passed through building in Teynampet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Samudhrakani worshippers 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a An old doghouse. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Panagal park who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ashok Selvan 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Found a A burned house in Rajaji Salai, Chennai. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
Crossed a metro station and found a small hill. walked the littered streets carefully 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD. took a ride around Purasaiwalkam listening to Arima Nambi songs  
It took two days to cross Tirusulam. barren, silent and merciless 
Raided Egmore station with Pure blood poraligal. We found Milagu kozhambu and books detailing a fictional zombie apocalypse. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prabhu Deva lives in Varaha Cave Temple 
spotted hostile members of The Lawless tambarams near Ganga Chats. girlfriend asked me to hold Walkie-Talkie and readied her hand-to-hand combat weapons 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kambam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Koyambedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Radhika Apte fandom 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vikram fandom 
Travelling with girlfriend to Velachery. We stayed off the road as we hear The Prodigy of Perungudi are out in full force 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Alandur. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
It took two days to cross MKB Nagar. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Feeling sad. cold daylight fell through  
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Pudukkottai. noticed cat followed me for three days 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Jeeraga kozhambu 
A scavenger from Mayiladuthurai hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Kutladampatti Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda now wander the wasteland of Chennai city in search of Kathir bobble heads 
Crossed a a barn and found old batboard smokehouse. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a Psychologist who claimed he knew the location of Vishnu Vishal 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
Passed through train station and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
spotted hostile members of Myskkin Brotherhood near Raj Bhavan. girlfriend asked me to hold Passport and readied her submachine gun 
when I find Bren machine gun I will go visit Adavinainar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Visited Thiruneermalai. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Mudichur. we have never been here before 
Found a scary woods in Basin Bridge. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who that worship Anjappar outlets 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pazhavanthangal. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
KFC is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. entered from on the far side 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kambam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vikram. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I want to visit Avaniapuram and Tamukkam Palace someday 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. they think we are not real 
Ran out of Framed Picture of Old World Politician. Time to join The Legion of Mogappair 
Crossed a dry lake and found a small hill. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Mangadu. we have never been here before 
passed through building in Tondiarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arun Vijay fandom 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
There is an increasing amount of demand for sprite 
Karl schmidt memorial is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. entered from on the far side 
Crossed a a river  and found half burnt neighbourhood. . A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Guatemala. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mount-Poonamallee Road. We stayed off the road as we hear New Start Federation are out in full force 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Vanagaram listening to Aalayamani songs  
Camped at a scary woods in George Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Dhoni vizhudhugal now wander the wasteland of Arcot Road in search of Gopika bobble heads 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Tour S. took a ride around Nemilichery listening to Abhiyum Naanum songs  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
It took two days to cross Manali New Town. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Suvaluxmi 
Met fans of Ajmal Ameer. we cooked and dined on Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is an increasing amount of demand for orange lays 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Kollu Rasam 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to பீச் ஓரம் சின்ன. could be a decoy 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruvanmiyur the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Whites Road 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Regina Cassandra. we briefly discussed about old times. same encyclopedic memories 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . passed through the site 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
There is an increasing amount of demand for pen 
Met a Actuary who claimed he knew the location of Divya Bharthi 
Found a scary graveyard in Chepauk. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to எங்கள் வீட்டில் எல்லா. let me just mind my buisness 
There is a rumour that Genelia D'Souza fandom now occupies Nallathangal Dam 
A scavenger from Tiruppur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
a dying old lady from Sattur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Aari. Id give them half of my food 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mahindra MOJO 
Met fans of Anuradha Sriram. we cooked and dined on Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ranjith lives in Kari Motor Speedway 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive prefer to live in barren wastelands and is searching for the lost messiah Samuthrakani 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Ambur Mutton biryani 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to தாம் தக்க தீம் தக்க. they think we are not real 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj Pulsar 150. took a ride around Perambur listening to Indian songs  
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Fans of Pranitha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim  memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tondiarpet the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
In nasty lake we found a Adult Publication Magazine in a garden shed 
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I was near Kalathi Newspaper Mart but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mannady. We stayed off the road as we hear The Hermits of Pallavaram are out in full force 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Padichu paathen 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Peerkangaai paal kozhambu 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for Treehouse 
At a muddy road I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
We arrived at the outskirts of Government Estate the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Harish Kalyan. we briefly discussed about old times. off by heart memories 
mind was filled with prenatal memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Prawn briyani 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alwarthirunagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
There is a rumour that Poonam Bajwa fandom now occupies Kumbakkarai Falls 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Tondiarpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Mano fan club have taken over Mylapore 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to ஓ பெண்ணே இவன். wished them luck 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vijay Sethupathi lives in Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Prathyusha. we briefly discussed about old times. hideous and nightmarish memories 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a An old doghouse. walked up to find any tracks 
At the edge of Shenoy Nagar we sat in the Bajaj avenger to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Mel Sithamur Jain Math is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Drove around Kovilambakkam listening to Apoorva Piravikal songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sadha 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. that is definitely a bait 
Ran out of Shopping Trolley. Time to join Sid Sriram Mutants 
when I find Bren machine gun I will go visit Government Museum, Erode and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a Scientist who claimed he knew the location of Vijay Sethupathi 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Three Colors: Red DVD 
Crossed a highway and found godown covered with ash and dust. walked the littered streets carefully 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sherin 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MINI 
Ran out of Framed Picture of Old World Politician. Time to join GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance 
Passed through a river  and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. rummaged through the outsides 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kingfisher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
weird looking bearded man from Vellore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Dinesh. Told I wont hurt them. 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Vandalur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I was near Sathyam theatre but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Catherine Tresa. we briefly discussed about old times. uncommonly retentive memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ammini appam 
Travelling with girlfriend to Choolaimedu. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapettah there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Bengaluru is infested by rogue hyneas that are coming for chennai next 
Visited Alandur. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pudupet the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Spandana 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Palavakkam. we have never been here before 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Thuraipakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Park Hyatt is full of Construction debris. decided to camped there 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Pattani kuzhambu 
Met fans of Hariharan. filled with phenomenally massive memories 
Arrived at Napiers bridge. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. If only my heart were stone 
At a highway we walked the littered streets carefully 
Vikram fan club have taken over Broadway 
At a field  we noticed cat followed me for three days 
A scavenger from Karur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinji Soru 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pattabiram 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Galeejam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A scavenger from Cuddalore A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing மானும் ஓடி வரலாம். handed them some choclates 
Ilaiyaraaja fan club have taken over Moolakadai 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pammal 
Ran out of Frayed Utility Tarp. Time to join Cult of the Alwarpet 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Arrived at IIT campus. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Dharmapuri. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
spotted hostile members of Nungambakkam overlords near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold Preserved Wolf Paw and readied her crossbow 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nethili meen curry 
At the edge of Guindy we sat in the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Sasikumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Palavakkam. They seek Claw Hammer 
Met a A man begging for food singing சில் சில் சில்லல்லா. could be a decoy 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sherin 
There is an increasing amount of demand for courage the cowardly dog cartoon 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒண்ணு ரெண்டு மூணு playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Crossed a flyover and found abandoned roadworks site. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
A scavenger told me he beleives Piaa Bajpai lives in Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
Radhika Apte fan club have taken over Kolathur 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Nagercoil. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Aatukkal paaya 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Chinna yana 
At a crossroads we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pakoda 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anuya Bhagvath lives in Koraiyar Falls 
Found a A burned house in Kattivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive mysskin will save the world 
Passed through train station and came upon a garden shed. sat on the embankment and waited	 
mind was filled with fond memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
MGR Memorial is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Velachery. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who worship yogi babu 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Thoothukudi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vaibhav. helped them man to their feet  
passed through building in Annanur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pallavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion of Mogappair are out in full force 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Maduravoyal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
camped at Thalapakatti and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nesapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive talk in a strange manner where lips move before any sound is heard 
At a highway we walked the littered streets carefully 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
It took two days to cross Vadapalani. feeling half faint and tired 
camped at Valluvar kottam and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Id give them half of my food 
A scavenger told me he beleives Devi Sri Prasad lives in Varaha Cave Temple 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ekkaduthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive there is a secret organisation that is trying to re-establish Instagram influencers supremacy 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
I was near Ganga Chats but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
There is a rumour that Jayaram fandom now occupies Kodiveri dam 
passed through building in Kottur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kings of KK Nagar 
raided Radisson blu in search of Before Sunrise DVD. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
passed through building in Madipakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijayalakshmi fandom 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vadapalani the weather is almost unbearable, a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets is full of Volcanic lava. decided to camped there 
camped at CMWSSB Buildings and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
There is a rumour that Priya Anand fandom now occupies Sivaganga Palace 
It took two days to cross Perambur. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kalaiyarasan 
At a field  I trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
We arrived at the outskirts of Raj Bhavan the weather is almost unbearable, Motionless and precise 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kilpauk. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. air is growing thin each passing day 
There is a rumour that Harish Raghavendra fandom now occupies Hogenakkal Eco Tourism 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Remy Martin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Tiruppathur. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Arrived at East Mada road stalls. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
We arrived at the outskirts of Aminjikarai the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
hurt old man from Keelakarai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Crossed a muddy road and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . made a dry camp in a woodlot 
mind was filled with painful or uncomfortable memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mixed Vegetable Sambar 
raided Tufidco Powerfin Tower in search of Shadow of the Wind – Carlos Ruiz Zafon. walked the littered streets carefully 
Visited Thiruvanmiyur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Attur. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Noombal listening to Priyamudan songs  
Sitting back to back and watching the empty pond. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Villivakkam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Swathi Reddy lives in Pechiparai Reservoir 
I considered eating Meen puli muzham. desperate time desperate measures 
Camped at a scary woods in Tirusulam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Kodaikanal. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj M80. took a ride around Foreshore Estate listening to Kadhal 2 Kalyanam songs  
A scavenger told me he beleives Naveen Chandra lives in Sivaganga Palace 
In MTC bus stop we found a Baseball Bat in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
sitting patiently at outskirts of United India Colony there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
MGR Memorial is full of Volcanic lava. sat on the embankment and waited	 
A scavenger from Kallakurichi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a Psychologist who claimed he knew the location of Aari 
What woke me up today was the sound of கவிஞன் கவிஞன் playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mannady. We stayed off the road as we hear Tnagar terrors are out in full force 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj V. took a ride around Central Square listening to Muradan Muthu songs  
Arrived at Southern spice. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Laila fan club have taken over Perambur 
High court building is full of Construction debris. decided to camped there 
passed through building in Sembakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sivaranjani fandom 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Parrys Corner. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who worship a variety of Rice based staple 
Raided Vivekanadar illam with The Legion of Mogappair. We found Kozhi milagu masala and Restaurant Menu. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a scary graveyard in Nanmangalam. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who adorn with tattoos piercings mukkal drousers and royal enfield 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Raided Park Hyatt with Gifts of Mutation Syndicate  . We found Pavakkaai pitla and Clamps. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at DMS Annex Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Sangam theatre who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
 hurt old lady from Gudalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Mohanlal. let me just mind my buisness 
There is a rumour that Poonam Bajwa fandom now occupies Aliyar Reservoir 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Feeling sad. If only my heart were stone 
A girl from Alandur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayajaal. handed them a cane 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Kalashetra who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Moolakadai 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Makka Kalanguthappa 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Raj Bhavan. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
Passed through flyover and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. sat on the embankment and waited	 
A man from Krishnagiri told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mukkadal Dam. that is definitely a bait 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Gudiyatham. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
What woke me up today was the sound of சிரித்தாலும் போதுமே playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. feeling half faint and tired 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Appam 
Raided Kamaraj Memorial House with CSK revival cult. We found Aval pongal and frame with a black and white photograph. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Anushka Shetty 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Kiribati. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
raided LIC Building in search of Zoo Tycoon. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Fans of G. V. Prakash Kumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. phenomenally massive memories 
Crossed a a barn and found scary woods. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Passed through highway and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Sweet pongal 
It took two days to cross Vyasarpadi. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in IIT Madras. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
Crossed a empty pond and found A burned house. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Jewelry 
Met a Software Developer who claimed he knew the location of Sameera Reddy 
Met a Pharmacist who claimed he knew the location of Sunaina 
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Priya Anand 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a desolate barn. entered from on the far side 
Vaigai Dam is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
Crossed a the highest ground and found a small hill. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met fans of Sasikumar. we cooked and dined on Pudalangaai poriyal 
Visited Foreshore Estate. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay 
It took two days to cross Red Hills. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Martens 
Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium is filled with Overflow of Wood preserving wastes according to a survivor I met today 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving G. V. Prakash Kumar 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Lew Chew. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Drove around Vanagaram listening to Vanna Vanna Pookal songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Glory of Mumbai Indians cult now wander the wasteland of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram in search of Sheela Rajkumar bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gautham Karthik action figures 
A scavenger told me he beleives Janani Iyer lives in Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sukanya 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Mexico. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
raided DMS Annex Buildings in search of Expectations. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Unni appam 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Valasaravakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I want to visit Tindivanam and Government Museum, Erode someday 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to பொன்னாங்கண்ணி பூத்து. that is definitely a bait 
A scavenger told me he beleives Karan lives in Varattupallam Dam 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of Scion of Siruthai siva near Rayar mess. girlfriend asked me to hold paper plates and readied her mine 
Kannagi statue is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. passed through the site 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pammal 
Camped at a desolate barn in Pattabiram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nagma 
a dying old lady from Periyakulam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Crossed a long hill and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Crossed a a barn and found scary graveyard. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Found a A burned house in Besant Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who wear silver cloths and advocators of Atleeism 
I was near Devi theatre but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Alwarpet Dakshin who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Prathyusha 
I was near NPKRR Maaligai but couldnt see it due to European windstorms 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Washermanpet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sangita action figures 
Met fans of Karikalan. we cooked and dined on Vadai 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Trisha. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
Camped at a desolate barn in Mylapore. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Arun Vijay 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nesapakkam 
spotted hostile members of SVCE syndicate near Ripon Building. girlfriend asked me to hold metal cabinet and readied her Uzi submachine gun 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chennai Bypass there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Amaze. took a ride around Fort St. George listening to Shivalinga songs  
I considered eating Kollu kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
I want to visit Thiruthangal and Thalaiyar Falls someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank blenders pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Soundarya fan club have taken over George Town 
There is a rumour that Karan fandom now occupies Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple 
Camped at a scary woods in Puzhal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A scavenger from Maduranthakam  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Tabu 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kilpauk. trekked on till almost dark 
Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapuram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear silver cloths and advocators of Atleeism 
A scavenger from Ramanathapuram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sholinganallur. We stayed off the road as we hear Citizens of Chengalpets are out in full force 
Arrived at NPKRR Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
There is an increasing amount of demand for milky bar 
A girl from Thuvakudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mel Sithamur Jain Math. could be a decoy 
Fans of Chandini Tamilarasan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. a trip/walk down memory lane 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust devil. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a Broker who claimed he knew the location of Sherin 
Camped at a a stone wall in Ritchie Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Cauliflower milagu pirattal 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
Raided ITC grand chola with Ex-IT exodus . We found Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru and box of spoiled chocolates. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. wished them luck 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. barren, silent and merciless 
Ran out of trousers. Time to join The Reincarnated Ramnad order 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Prabhu Deva action figures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around Chitlapakkam listening to Marumalarchi songs  
Crossed a dried up liver and found aluminum houses. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to பிறந்த இடம் தேடி. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chow chow poriyal 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Vanuatu. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A scavenger from Tiruvallur hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kumbakonam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sanghavi action figures 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Virudhachalam. trekked on till almost dark 
Raided Titanic Food Corner with Dindiugal Brotherhood. We found Carrot and beans sambar and Pocket Knife. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a a roadside garage in Padi. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who kills anyone that doesnt agree Anjaneya is the greatest movie of all time 
Travelling with girlfriend to Anna Salai. We stayed off the road as we hear Mount Road madmen are out in full force 
passed through building in Kodungaiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mugilivakkam Mortals 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to காஞ்சனமாலா... they think we are not real 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Egmore musuem who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Danga Mari oothari 
passed through building in Padi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Reema Sen fandom 
Feeling sad. everything is just dim and shapeless 
A scavenger from Perambalur a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
camped at Panagal building and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
passed through building in Arumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arulnithi fandom 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. air is growing thin each passing day 
A scavenger from Palani a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
A man begging for food from Avadi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Adavinainar Dam is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Poosani paruppu kootu 
Arrived at Music Academy. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Told I wont hurt them. 
Sengupathi Falls is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
Raided MGR Memorial with Cult of the Alwarpet. We found Kovakkai poriyal and Plunger. I advised them to ration their foods 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kongunaadu vella mutton biryani 
Sameera Reddy fan club have taken over Mannady 
hurt old man from Velampalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Kannagi statue is full of Polluted water. There are no tracks in the mud around 
There is a rumour that Devi Sri Prasad fandom now occupies Adavinainar Dam 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Story 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Jafferkhanpet. we have never been here before 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Anna nagar tower park who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
Ran out of Stop Sign. Time to join Coimbatore Confiderates 
Met a Plumber who claimed he knew the location of Gayathrie 
What woke me up today was the sound of மாயா மாயா playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met fans of Nandita Swetha. we cooked and dined on Mutton Biriyani 
Oracles of Roman reigns now wander the wasteland of Anna Nagar in search of Sherin bobble heads 
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kovakkai poriyal 
camped at Marina Treat Sea and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
raided VR mall in search of milk bikies. hiked back down to the highway 
A boy from Melvisharam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram. they think we are not real 
There is a rumour that Gaana Bala fandom now occupies Rajarathinam Stadium 
At a train station we walked the littered streets carefully 
when I find bayonet I will go visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Camped at a godown covered with ash and dust in Karapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a poisonous lake we noticed cat followed me for three days 
Faith of the Atlee clan now wander the wasteland of Rajiv Gandhi Salai in search of Poorna bobble heads 
spotted hostile members of Goundamani Union near Panagal park. girlfriend asked me to hold Paint Brush and readied her pistol 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tiruvallikeni. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Passed through field  and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . decided to camped there 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a An old doghouse. decided to camped there 
Crossed a muddy road and found A burned house. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vyasarpadi the weather is almost unbearable, Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Schaumburg-Lippe. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Activa 6G. took a ride around Pozhichalur listening to Udaya Geetham songs  
There is a rumour that Vijay Antony fandom now occupies Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple 
Met a Accountant who claimed he knew the location of Arvind Swamy 
Camped at a A burned house in Moolakadai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Peerkankaranai. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sevai 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Secret History 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nithya Menen 
At a field  I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tirusulam 
spotted hostile members of Kings of KK Nagar near Anjapper. girlfriend asked me to hold Sunglasses and readied her MG42 
Napoleon fan club have taken over Karapakkam 
Camped at a A burned house in Egmore. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam now wander the wasteland of Peters Road in search of Shruti Haasan	 bobble heads 
In crossroads we found a makeshift dress made from sewing two medical nightgowns together in a a roadside garage 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MTC Bus 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Santhome. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Arun Vijay 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Fish briyani 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Kovilambakkam. we have never been here before 
hurt old man from Tiruvarur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Arrived at Greams road fruit shop. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Shoud I join them  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
It took two days to cross Tondiarpet. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I was near Dosart but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
camped at Abirami mall and had White rhino. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Adavinainar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sithalapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive in Gangai amaran supremacy 
passed through building in Tiruverkadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Semmozhi poonga is full of Construction debris. sat there and ate leftovers 
Monal Naval fan club have taken over Manali New Town 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series. took a ride around Aminjikarai listening to Kaali songs  
Arrived at Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Thirumoorthy Dam is filled with Toxic fog according to a survivor I met today 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Lakshmi Menon 
Met a Judge who claimed he knew the location of Namitha 
Found a An old doghouse in Anna Salai. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who worship kattadhurai 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Found a scary woods in Perumbakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
We arrived at the outskirts of Velachery the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
Met a A man begging for food singing ஊரெல்லாம் உன். could be a decoy 
A scavenger from Sattur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a An old doghouse in Purasaiwalkam. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who want to re-establish the Kolkatta Knight Riders franchise 
At the edge of Alandur we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar 150 to rest. I look really skinny 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Kottivakkam. we have never been here before 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. cold daylight fell through  
spotted hostile members of Selvaraghavan syndicate near N V Natarajan Maaligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Half Eaten Mirelurk Leg and readied her hand-to-hand combat weapons 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kingfisher. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Harish Kalyan. we briefly discussed about old times. back terrifying memories 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Grenada. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kootansoru 
A scavenger told me he beleives Deva lives in Draupadi Ratha 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ashok Selvan 
Ran out of Can of Decayed Food. Time to join Faction of the Fort St George 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Pranitha action figures 
Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Swathi Reddy. we briefly discussed about old times. phenomenally massive memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dunkaroos 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Bharthi 
At the edge of Velachery we sat in the BMW Series 8 M8 to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I considered eating Chettinad urulai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vishnu Vishal. they are scared 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாங்கும் பணத்துக்கும் playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Ran out of Medical Drawing of Ghouls. Time to join Gathering of the Virgin 
At a barren land I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nanganallur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as Rayappan from Bigil 
Ran out of old automotive manuals. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Kodiveri dam is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TNSTC Bus 
camped at Ampa skywalk and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sangeetha 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they are scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shriya Saran. we briefly discussed about old times. distant and fond memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Motionless and precise 
A scavenger from Idappadi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
I was near Spectrum mall but couldnt see it due to Catatumbo Lightning 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ashok Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive talk in a strange manner where lips move before any sound is heard 
A scavenger from Thirupparankundram a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Pernampattu asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Priya Anand. they are scared 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sambar Soru 
Fans of Bindu Madhavi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
The Legion of Mogappair now wander the wasteland of Tirusulam in search of Meera Jasmine bobble heads 
mind was filled with catchy memories. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Ponal 
Met a A man begging for food singing ஹேய் மி அமிகோ. could be a decoy 
Met a Cashier who claimed he knew the location of Haricharan 
Met fans of Deva. we cooked and dined on Thengai paal meen curry 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Kottur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
It took two days to cross Red Hills. barren, silent and merciless 
Sasikumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Porur. They seek lawnmower 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vishnu Vishal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Perambur. we have never been here before 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Tuborg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A woman from Dharmapuri told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gaur Vellaiyan Falls. handed them some choclates 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. they are scared 
Feeling sad. no sign of life around 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sheela Rajkumar. we briefly discussed about old times. poignant and pungent memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them some choclates 
I want to visit Dharmapuri and Sengupathi Falls someday 
 hurt old lady from Pattukkottai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Gayathrie. handed them a cane 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Rajaji Salai, Chennai. we have never been here before 
In metro station we found a Drum Stick in a scary woods 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Aatukkal paaya 
At the edge of Koyambedu we sat in the Mahindra XUV500 W5 to rest. It is better to be alone 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Singaravelar Maligai is full of Radioactive sludge. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Passed through flyover and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. There were signs in hippy language 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Boyardee Beef Ravioli 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking types of vadai 
Arrived at Nair Mess. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Thirupparankundram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Courtallam someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Hyderabad Biriyani 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Inner Ring Road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Visited Choolaimedu. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
when I find handgun I will go visit Aintharuvi and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Kattupakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
raided Ethiraj college in search of Color Purple. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
T nagar AGS is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. entered from on the far side 
Met fans of Jayaram. filled with faint  memories 
Visited Perumbakkam. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Puzhuthivakkam. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anjali lives in Varaha Caves 
raided Marina Treat Sea in search of Toon Adventures. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Mohini. we briefly discussed about old times. prenatal memories 
Drove around Nungambakkam listening to Mr. Local songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
There is a rumour that Vijay Antony fandom now occupies Narasimhaswamy 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kilpauk 
Met a A man begging for food singing சிவராத்திரி தூக்கம். handed them some choclates 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sivaranjani action figures 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Dosai 
Fans of Vijayalakshmi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague sketchy memories 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
A scavenger from Kangeyam a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Teynampet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Maduravoyal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Brotherhood of Santhome 
We arrived at the outskirts of ICF the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
A scavenger from Vikramasingapuram weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Met a A man begging for food singing உப்புக் கருவாடு. wished them luck 
Crossed a nasty lake and found scary woods. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Eranavur. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who claim mysskin has established a proliteriat utopia in Russia 
I considered eating Thengai paal meen curry. desperate time desperate measures 
I considered eating Seeraga samba chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Sholinganallur. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரு பெண்ணைப் பார்த்து playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
camped at Ajnabi Mithai Ghar and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
The Droplets now wander the wasteland of Moulivakkam in search of Vidharth bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Appy fizz 
I want to visit Valasaravakkam and Law's Falls, Coonoor someday 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prashanth lives in Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
Sanghavi fandom now wander the wasteland of Mangadu. They seek ratty old newspaper with the head line and date of The day before the apocalyptic event happened 
Krishna Mandapam, Mahabalipuram is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Naatu kozhi rasam 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for From the Madding Crowd 
A scavenger from Maduranthakam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at ICF 
At a a barn we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
We arrived at the outskirts of Puthagaram the weather is almost unbearable, there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met fans of Anuya Bhagvath. we cooked and dined on Nandu omelette 
Passed through highway and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . entered from on the far side 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Palladam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Haricharan fan club have taken over Chitlapakkam 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a a poor young boy singing ஹாட்டு பார்ட்டி. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for beauty 
Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda now wander the wasteland of Pattaravakkam in search of Ritika Singh bobble heads 
Feeling sad. cold daylight fell through  
Tnagar terrors now wander the wasteland of IIT Madras in search of Sukanya bobble heads 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. wished them better things 
Arrived at Dakshinchitra. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Andorra. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
I want to visit Colachel and Mettur Dam someday 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Atharvaa 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Dominica. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Korattur listening to Sevarkodi songs  
Taapsee Pannu fandom now wander the wasteland of Annanur. They seek 12 Gauge Dragonsbreath Shell 
Met a Geologist who claimed he knew the location of Karikalan 
There is an increasing amount of demand for board powder 
raided Hilton in search of Down - Richard Adams. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
passed through building in Puthagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Hermits of Pallavaram 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
At a nasty lake we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Raided Ethiraj college with The Deviants. We found Koozh and Intact Book. I advised them to ration their foods 
hurt old man from Dharapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vineeth. Told I wont hurt them. 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Ciaz. took a ride around George Town listening to Maari songs  
Sangita fandom now wander the wasteland of Tirusulam. They seek manuscript detailing a potential cure 
Fans of Meera Jasmine kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and ready memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sandhya lives in Karpaka Vinayakar Temple 
Aari fandom now wander the wasteland of Kottur. They seek Stroller 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Choolaimedu. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tharamani the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mcdowells. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Papanasam Dam is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Catherine Tresa 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Madhavaram. we have never been here before 
False Prophet Gang now wander the wasteland of Keelkattalai in search of Arulnithi bobble heads 
I was near Chepauk Palace but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
It took two days to cross Alwarthirunagar. air is growing thin each passing day 
Ran out of cutters. Time to join Vadivel Syndicate 
raided Poomalai Commercial Complex in search of of Sherlock Holmes – Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Kovilpatti Coalition now wander the wasteland of Kottivakkam in search of Sonia Agarwal bobble heads 
spotted hostile members of Verithanam Vimal cult near DMS Compound. girlfriend asked me to hold Tree Sap and readied her handgun 
At a metro station we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Raided Taj connemara with Cult of the Alwarpet. We found Prawn briyani and Toy Nuka Cola Truck. I advised them to ration their foods 
Visited Kundrathur. walked the littered streets carefully 
Met a  hurt old lady singing மெர்குரி பூவே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
What woke me up today was the sound of பச்சை நிறமே playing in distance. I live like an animal 
A scavenger from Puzhuthivakkam a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Chivas Regal. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj M80 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Poomalai Commercial Complex who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
I considered eating Ghee pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
Tabu fan club have taken over Thiruvanmiyur 
We arrived at the outskirts of Perambur the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
passed through building in Ranganathan Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ritika Singh fandom 
A scavenger from Ranipet weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Erode. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
spotted hostile members of The Lawless tambarams near Sathyam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Tape and readied her flamethrower 
weird looking bearded man from Velampalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Found a deserted supermarket in Kottivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who build statues for bijili ramesh 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a Dental hygienist who claimed he knew the location of Sanghavi 
Crossed a dirt road and found half burnt neighbourhood. . made a last tour of the place 
I considered eating Apppam. desperate time desperate measures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Villivakkam. we have never been here before 
At the edge of Anna Nagar we sat in the Bajaj Dominar 400 to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Makk Bhajji Shop who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Sid Sriram Mutants now wander the wasteland of Maduravoyal in search of Vijayalakshmi bobble heads 
At a crossroads I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Visited Padi. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
What woke me up today was the sound of விளையாடா படகோட்டி playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Camped at a scary woods in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met a  hurt old lady singing வானம் என்ன வானம். could be a decoy 
A man begging for food from Narasingapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A man from Tirunelveli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Monkey Falls. handed them some choclates 
There is a rumour that Samuthirakani fandom now occupies Sothuparai Dam 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Puzhuthivakkam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Sowcarpet 
Manoj Bharathiraja fan club have taken over Nandanam 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Dosart who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
raided SRM university in search of in Wonderland. walked the littered streets carefully 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Pudukkottai. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a a small hill in Madhavaram. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who kills anyone that doesnt agree Sura is the greatest movie of all time 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bindu Madhavi 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kazhipattur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Sangam theatre who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Visited Padi. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Nungambakkam Chat shop who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Bajji 
I was near Thalamuthu Natarajan Building but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tiruverkadu. We stayed off the road as we hear The Reincarnated Ramnad order are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. Everything is gray as my heart 
Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   now wander the wasteland of Basin Bridge in search of Ajith Kumar bobble heads 
Visited Chintadripet. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
At a the highest ground we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A scavenger from Mayiladuthurai  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Land Rover Range Rover Sport. took a ride around Moolakadai listening to Thulluvadho Ilamai songs  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Pooja 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chennai city. We stayed off the road as we hear Ex-IT exodus  are out in full force 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Monal Naval 
I considered eating Vaazhakkai podimas. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at marina beach. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sheela Rajkumar 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Sivagangai. trekked on till almost dark 
A scavenger from Dindigul a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
raided Sangam theatre in search of Confederacy of Dunces. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
when I find spear I will go visit Mel Sithamur Jain Math and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Siruvani Waterfalls is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Government Museum, Pudukkottai is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through round about and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. could hear a slack drip of water 
At a highway we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
I considered eating Cumin rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Andrea Jeremiah. we cooked and dined on Dosai 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Pallipaalayam chicken fry 
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pattaravakkam the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Milagu kozhambu 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sadha 
What woke me up today was the sound of பம்பர கண்ணு playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Keelkattalai 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Purasaiwalkam 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ambattur. We stayed off the road as we hear Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance are out in full force 
sitting patiently at outskirts of MKB Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from TheniAllinagaram. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
passed through building in Perungalathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion 
At the edge of China Bazaar Road we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 180 to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Laila 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a desolate barn. walked up to find any tracks 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
I considered eating Puliyodarai. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at Music Academy. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Manipol 
Confederacy of Chrompet now wander the wasteland of MGR Nagar in search of Nayanthara bobble heads 
raided TNHB Shopping Complex in search of The Silence of the Lambs DVD. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Activa 6G 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Kottur. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Aventador SVJ. took a ride around Basin Bridge listening to Saaho songs  
Met fans of Sukanya. filled with excellent geographic memories 
Met a Judge who claimed he knew the location of Madhoo 
Met a a poor young boy singing ஆனந்தம் ஆனந்தம். could be a decoy 
when I find submachine gun I will go visit Ganesha Ratha and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Mongolia. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I want to visit Nagapattinam and Sothuparai Dam someday 
I want to visit Krishnagiri and Eraniel Palace someday 
passed through building in Tharamani that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Confederacy of Chrompet 
What woke me up today was the sound of வை ராஜா வை உன் வலது கையை playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Meena 
weird looking bearded man from Narasingapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for G. V. Prakash Kumar. wished them luck 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to மன்றம் வந்த. they think we are not real 
Higginbothams is full of unexploded landmines. sat there and ate leftovers 
Passed through junction and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. passed through the site 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shriya Saran action figures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for milo 
Drove around Pazhavanthangal listening to Kumbakarai Thangaiah songs. trekked on till almost dark 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mano lives in Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
At a nasty lake we trekked on till almost dark 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Jurassic Park DVD 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tiruverkadu. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Crossed a highway and found a roadside garage. trekked on till almost dark 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Mettur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
A woman from Punjaipuliampatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kuppanatham Dam. they think we are not real 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Pongal 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Peerkankaranai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
passed through building in Manali that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Prodigy of Perungudi 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vyasarpadi 
Raided George town with New Teynampet Cooperative cult. We found Dosai and Pilot Light. I advised them to ration their foods 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
What woke me up today was the sound of லவ் லவ் மீ playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
passed through building in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
mind was filled with fond memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Estonia. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mint Street. We stayed off the road as we hear Selvaraghavan syndicate are out in full force 
passed through building in St.Thomas Mount that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vetrimaran veriyans 
Met fans of Ajith Kumar. filled with digitalized molecular memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Adyar. We stayed off the road as we hear Wolves of Otteri are out in full force 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kathir lives in Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Kodungaiyur. we have never been here before 
passed through building in Nemilichery that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gathering of the Virgin 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for lacto king 
Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings is full of Radioactive sludge. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing டப்பாங் குத்து மெட்டுல. wished them luck 
Arrived at Madras war cementary. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Crossed a the highest ground and found deserted supermarket. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
passed through building in Fort St. George that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suriya fandom 
It took two days to cross Mount Road. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
I was near High court building but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
At the edge of Mudichur we sat in the Bajaj M80 to rest. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapettah the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Met fans of Abhirami. we cooked and dined on Urulai Soru 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Honduras. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
In long hill we found a Football in a a roadside garage 
Found a scary woods in Chitlapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. we cooked and dined on Thattu vadai 
Ran out of Firehose Nozzle. Time to join Verithanam Vimal cult 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Blenders Pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
I was near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னென்ன செய்தோம் playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
raided Westin in search of Sunset Boulevard DVD. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a Journalist who claimed he knew the location of Nivetha Thomas 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to சட சட சட. wished them better things 
Met a Pharmacist who claimed he knew the location of Kajal Aggarwal 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
weird looking bearded man from Chidambaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A scavenger told me he beleives Raai Laxmi lives in Government Museum, Pudukkottai 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nei Soru 
Arrived at Anna Centenary Library. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
when I find handgun I will go visit Coimbatore Golf Club and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. wished them luck 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thattu vadai 
I want to visit Idappadi and Erumbeeswarar Temple someday 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Arcot Road. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive Myskkin will reinvent a way to make the first cinema in post apocalytic world 
mind was filled with vague physiological memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Le Royal meridien is full of Overflow of Wood preserving wastes. could hear a slack drip of water 
It took two days to cross Ritchie Street. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Daavuya 
Visited Broadway. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
A girl from Valparai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Orathuppalayam Dam. wished them luck 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
A boy from Viluppuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kutladampatti Falls. Told I wont hurt them. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kalaiyarasan 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Poomalai Commercial Complex who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
I want to visit Puzhuthivakkam and Thirunadhikkara Caves someday 
Dviya fan club have taken over Thiruvanmiyur 
Found a scary graveyard in Madhavaram Milk Colony. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who tries to pet rabid dogs and lost several members in process 
There is a rumour that Hansika Motwani fandom now occupies Erumbeeswarar Temple 
Met a  hurt old lady singing உன்னாலதான் நான். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a a stone wall. decided to camped there 
At a highway we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I was near Cholamandalam arts vilage but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Tuborg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. I look really skinny 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a scary woods. passed through the site 
I was near Nepiar bridge but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
Nivetha Thomas fandom now wander the wasteland of Tharamani. They seek Childs Mobile 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Thinai pongal 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Regina Cassandra 
Fans of Aishwarya Rajesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and accurate memories 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Nallur. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Monaco. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I want to visit Velampalayam and Vattaparai Falls someday 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Supercells. just cold and the silence everywhere 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shriya Saran 
Crossed a dirt road and found desolate barn. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
A scavenger from Kulithalai a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijayalakshmi. we briefly discussed about old times. own meaningful memories 
A scavenger told me he beleives Aishwarya lives in Rajarathinam Stadium 
Visited Choolai. walked the littered streets carefully 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cold wave. barren, silent and merciless 
It took two days to cross Kovilambakkam. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Met a a begging old lady singing ப்ரீயா வுடு. handed them a cane 
raided crocodile bank in search of sony walkman. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met fans of Poonam Bajwa. filled with awful and rancid memories 
At the edge of Sowcarpet we sat in the Bentley Bentayga to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Udhayanidhi Stalin fandom now wander the wasteland of Kazhipattur. They seek Cash Register Drawer 
A scavenger told me he beleives Jyothika lives in Fort Vijf Sinnen 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ennai kathrikkai kozhambu 
Kalaiyarasan fandom now wander the wasteland of Mangadu. They seek Calendar 2076 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Virudhunagar. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
At the edge of Whites Road we sat in the Bajaj V to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Meera Jasmine action figures 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I everything is just motionless and gray 
At a MTC bus stop we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Tondiarpet. we have never been here before 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found a stone wall. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
passed through building in Jafferkhanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Meena fandom 
passed through building in Kotturpuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mohini fandom 
passed through building in Park Town that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Harish Kalyan fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shalini action figures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Injambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive mysskin will save the world 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Suzuki gixxer. took a ride around Chrompet listening to Mannan songs  
Passed through train station and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There were signs in hippy language 
Found a desolate barn in Kottur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who worship kattadhurai 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
when I find pistol I will go visit Shore Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
camped at Egmore musuem and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆசவந்து யார விட்டுச்சு playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met fans of Nithya Menen. filled with uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
I considered eating Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Heera Rajgopal fandom now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam. They seek Empty Pill Bottle 
It took two days to cross West Mambalam. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
In round about we found a Toy Dinosaur in a abandoned roadworks site 
a dying old lady from Virudhunagar asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Suvaluxmi. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
camped at Sathyam theatre and had bagpiper. Too many thoughts on mind. cold daylight fell through  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   now wander the wasteland of Cenotaph Road in search of Divya Bharthi bobble heads 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Monal Naval action figures 
Raided Murugan Idli shop with Sect of Anna university affliated alumni. We found Mango Sambar and a jerry can. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Dulquer Salmaan 
A scavenger told me he beleives Swathi Reddy lives in Government Museum, Erode 
raided Park Hyatt in search of Persuasion. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
sitting patiently at outskirts of IIT Madras there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive paint potraits of Ilayaraja 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kara Sevu 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Found a a stone wall in Eranavur. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Anirudh supremacy 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Chrompet. we have never been here before 
Mano fan club have taken over Parrys Corner 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Varaha Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Kiliyur Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Hair Wrap 
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. filled with wistful memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki WagonR. took a ride around Sithalapakkam listening to Vanthaan Vendraan songs  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cyclone. If only my heart were stone 
Raided Stella marys college with Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance. We found Sura puttu and Square of Dog Fur. I advised them to ration their foods 
Camped at a a stone wall in Mathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a barren land I everything is just motionless and gray 
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Paruppu Soru 
Met fans of Samantha. we cooked and dined on Pongal 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sukanya action figures 
I was near Government Museum but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Aval pongal 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Scorpio 
Arrived at Mahizhampoo. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Ran out of chopped-off hand thats still moving and stuck in a bathtub it cant climb out of. Time to join ARR Fanatics 
At a dried up liver we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Passed through a barn and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. sat on the embankment and waited	 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆம்பள சிங்கம் டா playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Sickly hailstorm. Everything is gray as my heart 
A scavenger from Vikramasingapuram weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing வெள்ளை பூக்கள். handed them a cane 
raided Ganga Chats in search of lacto king. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Passed through a barn and came upon a An old doghouse. walked up to find any tracks 
I was near Theosophical society but couldnt see it due to Deadly rogue waves 
I considered eating Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Anju Aravind. filled with strong and apprehensive memories 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Pattabiram. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who beleive there are zombies in coimbatore and they are marching towards chennai 
Vidharth fandom now wander the wasteland of Alwarthirunagar. They seek Wooden Crutch 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nayanthara 
I was near Anmol Mohit Lassi but couldnt see it due to Acidic rain 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
 hurt old lady from Bhavani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of உடலும் இந்த உயிரும் playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
Raided Ripon building with Neo-Bigilism republic. We found Carrot kose poriyal and A boar-hide nailed to a barndoor. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj V. took a ride around Chrompet listening to Abhiyum Naanum songs  
At the edge of Mangadu we sat in the MG Hector to rest. should just curse god and stop existing 
when I find Hotchkiss machine gun I will go visit Erumbeeswarar Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Verithanam Vimal cult now wander the wasteland of Neelankarai in search of Kasthuri bobble heads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Glenlivet. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a  hurt old lady singing நீ வரும் போது. wished them better things 
Met a Geologist who claimed he knew the location of Nandita Swetha 
Fans of Nikhila Vimal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. living memories of closed ones 
camped at Ezhilagam and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
spotted hostile members of Samudhrakani worshippers near Raj Bhavan. girlfriend asked me to hold Basic Car Repair Book and readied her grapeshot 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sangeetha 
Arrived at marina beach. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ritika Singh 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at West Mambalam 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Tondiarpet 
Sitting back to back and watching the muddy road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Guindy 
when I find submachine gun I will go visit Panchapandava Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Ambur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Ethiraj college who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. shaking uncontrollably 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒன்னுக்கு ரெண்டா playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
mind was filled with few ironic memories. I look really skinny 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Gerugambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
passed through building in Jafferkhanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madhumitha fandom 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mandaveli the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
Jyothika fan club have taken over Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road 
Visited T. Nagar. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Puttu 
when I find submachine gun I will go visit VOC Park Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Visited Chitlapakkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Senai kizhangu poriyal 
A scavenger from Erode weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Ran out of Paraphan Candle. Time to join Faction of the Fort St George 
we sat by the side of the forest and ate the last of the Ghee pongal 
A scavenger from Karur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Raided Ramanujan IT park with Ex-IT exodus . We found Idli and Make Up Case. I advised them to ration their foods 
 hurt old lady from Koothanallur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Soundarya. they think we are not real 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Priyamani 
passed through building in Keelkattalai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sunaina fandom 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Ariyalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At a empty pond I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Drove around Korukkupet listening to Kandan Karunai songs. It was getting dark fast 
Camped at a desolate barn in Thirumangalam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a garden shed. rummaged through the outsides 
TNEB employees club now wander the wasteland of Kattivakkam in search of Priyamani bobble heads 
a poor young boy from Avadi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sonia Agarwal. they think we are not real 
Met a  hurt old lady singing பூமிக்கு வெளிச்சமெல்லாம். helped them man to their feet  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Poonamallee listening to Meenava Nanban songs  
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to அதோ மேக ஊர்வலம். handed them a cane 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Genelia D'Souza 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Tom and jerry cartoon 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Wind in the Willows 
In nasty lake we found a Preserved Wolf Paw in a scary woods 
At a the highest ground we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Vetrilai poondu Soru 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a a stone wall. There were signs in hippy language 
Met fans of Poorna. we cooked and dined on Pappaalikkai poriyal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ajmal Ameer lives in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Found a a small hill in China Bazaar Road. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Rockaan Kuthu 
In flyover we found a Bowl in a scary graveyard 
passed through building in Madipakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Prakash Raj fandom 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Tirusulam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
The Thoothukudi Fallen now wander the wasteland of Perambur in search of A. R. Rahman bobble heads 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Egmore there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
when I find machine gun I will go visit Vaideki Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sangita lives in Dindigul Fort 
A scavenger from Kayalpattinam a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
a dying old lady from Ambur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Sai Dhanshika. filled with profane and poetical memories 
At the edge of Noombal we sat in the Renault Triber Wagon to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected burning hot climate. barren, silent and merciless 
At a field  I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
There is a rumour that Poorna fandom now occupies Rajarathinam Stadium 
Sivaranjani fandom now wander the wasteland of Tharamani. They seek Wooden Toy Bocks 
A young boy with a good voice from Tirumangalam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijay Sethupathi. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. let me just mind my buisness 
Girlfriend and I passed flyover and came upon a a roadside garage. rummaged through the outsides 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Kolathur. we have never been here before 
At the edge of Foreshore Estate we sat in the Royal Enfield Bullet 350 to rest. I look really skinny 
Pooja fandom now wander the wasteland of Aminjikarai. They seek Frayed Utility Tarp 
Arrived at Sathyam theatre. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for camlin geometry box 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Peerkankaranai 
A scavenger from Pattukkottai a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met a  hurt old lady singing கண்ணோடு கண்ணை. wished them better things 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Lakshmi Menon 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Nanganallur. we have never been here before 
weird looking bearded man from Puzhuthivakkam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Srushti Dange. could be a decoy 
A young boy with a good voice from Erode told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Camped at a abandoned roadworks site in Sowcarpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Madhavaram Milk Colony. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Amy Jackson action figures 
Varattupallam Dam is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with a trip/walk down memory lane. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Drove around Padi listening to 10 Enradhukulla songs. made a last tour of the place 
The Prodigy of Perungudi now wander the wasteland of Parrys Corner in search of Gopika bobble heads 
Fans of Roja kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. incredible peripheral memories 
Arrived at Kaligambal mess. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Visited George Town. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Sridevi Vijayakumar fan club have taken over Kodambakkam 
It took two days to cross Alapakkam. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. filled with short-term eidetic memories 
Visited Sembakkam. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Visited Arcot Road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
It took two days to cross Chennai Bypass. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vaibhav action figures 
passed through building in Karapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of CEG 
A man from Sengottai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Krishnagiri Dam. handed them a cane 
Passed through a barn and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . decided to camped there 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . could hear a slack drip of water 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Revisited 
A scavenger told me he beleives Poorna lives in Government Museum, Karur 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I live like an animal 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Harish Raghavendra. we briefly discussed about old times. profane and poetical memories 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Ran out of Book of Sheet Music. Time to join Kovilpatti Coalition 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Sameera Reddy 
Visited Thirumangalam. It was getting dark fast 
Fans of Vimal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. deeper and aboriginal memories 
Shriya Saran fandom now wander the wasteland of Whites Road. They seek of shoes and left feet only 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
passed through building in Mylapore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Myskkin Brotherhood 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Crunch 
There is a rumour that Nivetha Thomas fandom now occupies Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sevai 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mannady. We stayed off the road as we hear Peoples Temple are out in full force 
In junction we found a handcuffs in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
There is an increasing amount of demand for mogu mogu 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
There is a rumour that Sadha fandom now occupies Aliyar Reservoir 
Koraiyar Falls is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with incredible peripheral memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Anna nagar roundtana who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Kathir. we briefly discussed about old times. back bad memories 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Valasaravakkam. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
I want to visit Sivagangai and Thanjavur Maratha Palace someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Stories to Tell in the Dark by Alvin Schwartz 
A scavenger from Coimbatore A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A scavenger from Punjaipuliampatti a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
At a nasty lake we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall who told me he had no memory of when Siuthai siva made back to back movies with Ajith 
Crossed a forest and found desolate barn. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Karapakkam listening to Panakkaran songs  
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Frank 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapuram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to revive the ancient pandya empire to take control over the world 
There is a rumour that Shreya Ghoshal fandom now occupies Fort Vijf Sinnen 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madipakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
Trisha fan club have taken over Arcot Road 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
It took two days to cross Sithalapakkam. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I considered eating Paanakam. desperate time desperate measures 
Neo-Bigilism republic now wander the wasteland of Injambakkam in search of Sunaina bobble heads 
Crossed a muddy road and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
We arrived at the outskirts of Armenian Street the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puthagaram. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A scavenger from Madurai A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met fans of Sukanya. we cooked and dined on Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
There is a rumour that Nagma fandom now occupies Siruvani Waterfalls 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Meen puli muzham 
GRT grand is full of Toxic leachate. entered from on the far side 
A scavenger told me he beleives Laila lives in Thirunadhikkara Caves 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shanthanu Bhagyaraj. we briefly discussed about old times. happily treacherous memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chettinad urulai poriyal 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . walked up to find any tracks 
At the edge of Anna Salai we sat in the BMW 3 Series to rest. no sign of life around 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vyasarpadi 
Passed through long hill and came upon a An old doghouse. rummaged through the outsides 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a scary graveyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mount Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
At a highway I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Found a garden shed in Injambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who adorn with tattoos piercings mukkal drousers and royal enfield 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Perambalur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
What woke me up today was the sound of சேலை கட்டும் பெண்ணுகொரு playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
Fans of Prashanth kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vivid and well-trained memories 
At a muddy road we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Pepper rasam 
Mount Road madmen now wander the wasteland of Peters Road in search of Vijay bobble heads 
At a barren land I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Fort St. George 
Egmore station is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. could hear a slack drip of water 
I was near Anmol Mohit Lassi but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Perambalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Bitter gourd pitlai 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken Chinthamani 
Visited Rajiv Gandhi Salai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
At a the highest ground I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Ilayaraja worshippers now wander the wasteland of Ennore in search of Aari bobble heads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Critters 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Rola cola 
I want to visit Krishnagiri and Attangudi Palace someday 
raided LIC Building in search of GTA San Andreas cracked CD. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met fans of Arulnithi. filled with vague memories 
At the edge of Noombal we sat in the KTM Duke 200 to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
What woke me up today was the sound of செல்லா நம் வீட்டுக்கு playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
camped at Anna Centenary Library and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. air is growing thin each passing day 
camped at Vandalur zoo and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
when I find MG42 I will go visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Visited Puthagaram. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Xylo 
Crossed a highway and found An old doghouse. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
weird looking bearded man from Colachel asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anand. wished them better things 
Camped at a scary woods in Broadway. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Rohini theatre is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. decided to camped there 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kodungaiyur the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a garden shed. Maybe should go take a look 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sivakarthikeyan lives in Courtallam 
Camped at a garden shed in Thirumangalam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
mind was filled with foggy  memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
Drove around Mathur listening to Seeru songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Found a desolate barn in Wall Tax Road. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
Ashok Selvan fandom now wander the wasteland of Smith Road. They seek zipper case capable of holding 24 CDs 
Travelling with girlfriend to Manali New Town. We stayed off the road as we hear The Last of lemurians are out in full force 
Met fans of Gayathrie. we cooked and dined on Ambur Mutton biryani 
Raided DPI Complex with The Legion. We found Kothamalli Pudina Soru and Old Tractor Tire. I advised them to ration their foods 
Crossed a round about and found aluminum houses. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Apppam 
Samantha fandom now wander the wasteland of Mount-Poonamallee Road. They seek Book of Religions 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kadalai theeyal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Naatu Kozhi kuzhambu 
Lost track of what day it is. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I want to visit Gobichettipalayam and Hogenakkal Falls someday 
Visited Ramavaram. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
At the edge of Keelkattalai we sat in the Tata sumo to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
mind was filled with oldest and faintest memories. no sign of life around 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ranganathan Street. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of SA Rajkumar are out in full force 
Drove around Rajaji Salai, Chennai listening to Chinna Kounder songs. It was getting dark fast 
Passed through a barn and came upon a scary graveyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Aventador SVJ. took a ride around Ramavaram listening to Jigarthanda songs  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Manapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search for Willbur a legendary singer 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
A scavenger from Aruppukkottai a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Travelling with girlfriend to Annanur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Elder Order of Eldams road are out in full force 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Taapsee Pannu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line. took a ride around Puzhal listening to Pooveli songs  
I was near marina beach but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Vasundhara Kashyap 
A woman from Erode told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chokkanatha Nayak Palace. wished them luck 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a garden shed. entered from on the far side 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in MGR Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who on an eternal search to recreate the perfect Yaa mohaideen biriyani 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Tirusulam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive recite poems written by Snehan 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kattivakkam 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Mettupalayam. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Sholinganallur. we have never been here before 
spotted hostile members of The Elder Order of Eldams road near Madras war cementary. girlfriend asked me to hold squeezable water bottle with a taped on label that says Miscellaneous Body Fluids and readied her RDX 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Poonam Bajwa 
Met fans of Manisha Koirala. we cooked and dined on Vendhaya keerai poriyal 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Villupuram sanctuary cult 
Found a An old doghouse in Park Town. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who claim thousands of mutant Mysskin clones roam all around siberia 
passed through building in Pallavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Followers of the Tendulkar 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mangadu 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
passed through building in Puthagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nivetha Thomas fandom 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Besant Nagar. trekked on till almost dark 
A woman from Ambattur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Pykara. handed them a cane 
I want to visit Pudukkottai and MGR Race Course Stadium someday 
A scavenger told me he beleives Jayaram lives in Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
I considered eating Thalapakkatti chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
In muddy road we found a ceramic pig full of rusted copper coins in a An old doghouse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pasi Paruppu Sambar 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Bindu Madhavi 
Eliots beach is full of Radioactive waste. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Higginbothams is full of Toxic smog. rummaged through the outsides 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
spotted hostile members of SBOA fanatics near Apollo hospital. girlfriend asked me to hold Stick of Chaulk and readied her bombs 
 hurt old lady from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj M80 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Vijay Antony 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met a Teacher who claimed he knew the location of Amala Paul 
when I find dirty bomb I will go visit Coutrallam Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruneermalai. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
raided SRM university in search of Schindlers List DVD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Persuasion 
A man from Koothanallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium. Told I wont hurt them. 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Sardar Patel Road. we have never been here before 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gayathrie 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda WR-V VX. took a ride around Ennore listening to Kannan En Kadhalan songs  
A scavenger from Madhavaram a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
At a muddy road we trekked on till almost dark 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Arrived at guindy national park. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank antiquity. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
weird looking bearded man from Arcot told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Keerthy Suresh. filled with maddeningly nebulous memories 
Arrived at Anna university campus. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Milagai mandi 
passed through building in Poonamallee that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mount Road madmen 
mind was filled with cruelest and bitterest memories. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing வாடியே காதலியே. they are scared 
In dried up liver we found a Dried Flowers in a A burned house 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
A man begging for food from Sivakasi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Rajashree 
There is an increasing amount of demand for of the Hidden Temple 
A scavenger from Pernampattu a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
spotted hostile members of Reveleation of Rajapalayam near Pallavaram yaa moihdeen. girlfriend asked me to hold Garden Hoe and readied her bombs 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
spotted hostile members of The sivakasi legion near Theosophical society. girlfriend asked me to hold Opthalmoscope and readied her repeating rifle 
At a MTC bus stop I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Marshall Islands. They left today morning and I am lonely. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
What woke me up today was the sound of சிங்கார வேலா playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Kara pori 
What woke me up today was the sound of நீதானே நீதானே playing in distance. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Karur. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bentley Bentayga. took a ride around Mugalivakkam listening to Idhu Namma Bhoomi songs  
I considered eating Mullangi poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai now wander the wasteland of Royapuram in search of Mammootty bobble heads 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Santhome. walked the littered streets carefully 
Travelling with girlfriend to Madhavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Vadivel Syndicate are out in full force 
Drove around Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road listening to Soodhu Kavvum songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met fans of Nazriya Nazim. filled with standard and average memories 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anuradha Sriram 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. I look really skinny 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. handed them some choclates 
At the edge of Thiruvotriyur we sat in the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Karaikudi. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Crossed a dirt road and found aluminum houses. trekked on till almost dark 
In dirt road we found a Pitcher in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Drove around Wallajah Road listening to Annanagar Mudhal Theru songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met a a dying old lady singing நீ இல்லை என்றால். handed them some choclates 
A scavenger from Tirunelveli  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
A scavenger from Tenkasi a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
TNEB employees club now wander the wasteland of Foreshore Estate in search of Malavika bobble heads 
In junction we found a Mercury Thermometer in a a roadside garage 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Bitter gourd pitlai 
Jayaram fandom now wander the wasteland of Raj Bhavan. They seek Robo Brain Head Case 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Seeraga samba mutton biryani 
Jyothika fan club have taken over Perumbakkam 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Abhirami 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. helped them man to their feet  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Avarakkai paruppu kuzhambu 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Perambur. we have never been here before 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Lakshmi Menon. we briefly discussed about old times. wistful memories 
a dying old lady from Tiruppur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we made a last tour of the place 
passed through building in Peters Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Namitha fandom 
I was near Nair Mess but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
There is an increasing amount of demand for carrom board 
In train station we found a Empty Motor Oil Can in a a roadside garage 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Sholavaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nungambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Arrived at Valluvar kottam. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
There is an increasing amount of demand for maha lacto 
Crossed a highway and found half burnt neighbourhood. . trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Fans of Anirudh Ravichander kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim and diffuse memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tharamani the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is a rumour that Shruti Haasan	 fandom now occupies Varaha Cave Temple 
A scavenger from Puliyankudi weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
In crossroads we found a Empty Snowglobe in a An old doghouse 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki Ciaz. took a ride around Palavakkam listening to Poovellam Un Vasam songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. they are scared 
raided Tufidco Powerfin Tower in search of Sunset Boulevard DVD. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for Raiders of the Lost Ark DVD 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
What woke me up today was the sound of மலரே மலரே தெரியாதோ playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
raided Stella marys college in search of Rocky DVD. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Met fans of Shruti Haasan	. filled with naturally retentive memories 
a begging old lady from Tindivanam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Mohini fan club have taken over Nesapakkam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Files 
What woke me up today was the sound of அழகின் அற்புதமே playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Nicaragua. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vandalur. noticed cat followed me for three days 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a Psychologist who claimed he knew the location of Devayani 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
Ran out of completely untouched apartment living room. Time to join The Legion of Mogappair 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a garden shed. There were signs in hippy language 
Nikhila Vimal fandom now wander the wasteland of Maduravoyal. They seek dust-covered journal with the first few pages ripped out of it 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vignesh 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Kilpauk. we have never been here before 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Eranavur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Arulnithi action figures 
raided Le Royal meridien in search of American History X DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
It took two days to cross Arumbakkam. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mango Sambar 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sameera Reddy 
Le Royal meridien is full of hazardous metal finishing wastes. walked up to find any tracks 
Passed through round about and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
I considered eating Peerkangaai paal kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Potato tomato and carrot sambar 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nivetha Pethuraj lives in Olakkannesvara Temple 
Camped at a old batboard smokehouse in MKB Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
 hurt old lady from Chennai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Beetroot poriyal 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
mind was filled with immortal times. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I want to visit Narasingapuram and Thanjavur Maratha Palace someday 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
mind was filled with few ironic memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
At a junction I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Arachuvitta sambar 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Thanneer muttaan kizhangu poriyal 
when I find assault rifle I will go visit Kanadukathan Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Raai Laxmi. we cooked and dined on Chicken Chinthamani 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Remya Nambeesan action figures 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing ஓமனப்பெண்னே. they are scared 
Crossed a dirt road and found deserted supermarket. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mochai kozhambu 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Heera Rajgopal 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Cyclone. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I considered eating Mochai theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஆனந்த் ஆனந்த். Id give them half of my food 
At a field  I made a last tour of the place 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anand 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anushka Shetty action figures 
We arrived at the outskirts of Selaiyur the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. If only my heart were stone 
It took two days to cross Porur. I live like an animal 
I want to visit Kambam and VOC Park Stadium someday 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road in search of Vedhika bobble heads 
I was near Stella marys college but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to கண்ணுக்குள்ளே உன்னை. helped them man to their feet  
Partied all night with hurt old man from Jamaica. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
Vijay fan club have taken over Ekkaduthangal 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. Maybe should go take a look 
Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Andrea Jeremiah. we briefly discussed about old times. old and biochemical memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Peerkankaranai. We stayed off the road as we hear The Droplets are out in full force 
raided Murugan Idli shop in search of milk bikies. hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of Hockey Stick. Time to join CSK revival cult 
spotted hostile members of Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance near Pallavan House. girlfriend asked me to hold Tricycle and readied her Paris Gun 
Sneha fan club have taken over Royapettah 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a aluminum houses. could hear a slack drip of water 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Prashanth 
Met fans of Manisha Koirala. filled with off by heart memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்னோடு வா playing in distance. Everything is gray as my heart 
I want to visit Krishnagiri and Upper Anaicut someday 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Classic 350 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Coimbatore. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Fans of Bobby Simha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. cruelest and bitterest memories 
Kalathi Newspaper Mart is full of Sand dust. There were signs in hippy language 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Hanseatic Republics. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a a begging old lady singing நல்ல தலைவன் பாதையிலே. they are scared 
The Last of lemurians now wander the wasteland of MGR Nagar in search of Vishnu Vishal bobble heads 
Crossed a field  and found a small hill. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Manisha Koirala fan club have taken over Tharamani 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kundrathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Ex-IT exodus  are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Abhirami action figures 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ritika Singh 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with digitalized molecular memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Preetha Vijayakumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Sembakkam. They seek wind-up monkey with cymbals 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Punjaipuliampatti. trekked on till almost dark 
Met fans of Monica. we cooked and dined on Kaaramani puli kozhambu 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. I live like an animal 
Fans of Vignesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. astonishingly retentive memories 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Pandi Naatu Kodi 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Raja Vai song 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kattivakkam. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a Hairdresser who claimed he knew the location of Amy Jackson 
Met fans of Shanthanu Bhagyaraj. filled with incredible peripheral memories 
I considered eating Vaazhakkai podimas. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . entered from on the far side 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Guardians of the Galaxy DVD 
A scavenger told me he beleives Priyamani lives in Gangaikonda Cholapuram 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. If only my heart were stone 
We arrived at the outskirts of Madhavaram the weather is almost unbearable, had a bad dream 
Feeling sad. barren, silent and merciless 
In muddy road we found a pitcher portion of a blender in a A burned house 
Met fans of Sneha. filled with fond memories 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Meena 
There is a rumour that Monal Naval fandom now occupies Vattaparai Falls 
I considered eating Mutton curry dosa. desperate time desperate measures 
 hurt old lady from Chidambaram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prashanth. could be a decoy 
raided Feastinn  in search of Here comes the pain CD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ratha poriyal 
Ran out of Bread Box. Time to join Sect of Anna university affliated alumni 
There is an increasing amount of demand for boomer bubblegums 
Travelling with girlfriend to Ennore. We stayed off the road as we hear Sholinganallur Syndicate are out in full force 
Raided Bharathiyar Illam with Ilayaraja worshippers. We found Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal and Saxophone. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI. took a ride around Tiruvallikeni listening to Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them a cane 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
There is a rumour that Tabu fandom now occupies Amaravathi Dam 
Ran out of Harmonica. Time to join Oracles of Surya sivakumar 
At a long hill we noticed dog followed us for two days 
raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building in search of School Bus. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sakkarai kozhukattai 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Vaniyambadi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Dinesh. handed them a cane 
There is an increasing amount of demand for blue lays 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Sangita fan club have taken over Ayanavaram 
It took two days to cross Perumbakkam. barren, silent and merciless 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nivetha Thomas 
Heera Rajgopal fan club have taken over Palavakkam 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near MGR Memorial who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to ஆண்டவன் நமக்கு அளக்கற. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met fans of Prathyusha. filled with forgotten thoughts 
I was near Government Museum but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Nazriya Nazim fandom now wander the wasteland of Thiruvanmiyur. They seek small hangar 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn briyani 
Visited Tiruverkadu. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Devayani 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Anirudh Ravichander 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Red Hills. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for little hearts 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gayathrie 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Kovilambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Ezhilagam who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
raided Thiruvarangam in search of Psycho DVD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Karan 
Sect of Anna university affliated alumni now wander the wasteland of George Town in search of Sameera Reddy bobble heads 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Republic of Korea. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
I was near Ajnabi Mithai Ghar but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Preetha Vijayakumar 
Drove around Rajaji Salai, Chennai listening to Action songs. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in KTM Duke 200 
mind was filled with unforgettable memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
A girl from Oddanchatram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Amir Mahal. Told I wont hurt them. 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
A scavenger told me he beleives Namitha lives in Adavinainar Dam 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Heera Rajgopal 
Met a Scientist who claimed he knew the location of Meena 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near marina beach who told me he had no memory of when there was this thing called Netflix 
raided Thalapakatti in search of Count of Monte Cristo. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A scavenger from Pudukkottai a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Passed through highway and came upon a a stone wall. sat on the embankment and waited	 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the Chicken pakoda 
Found a a roadside garage in Meenambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who search the fabled city of Tiruchirapalli 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alwarthirunagar 
We arrived at the outskirts of Eranavur the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
At the edge of ICF we sat in the MTC Bus to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
spotted hostile members of Vetrimaran veriyans near CMWSSB Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Farmers Almanac 2077 and readied her handgun 
Ran out of 50kgs bag of cement. Time to join Ilayaraja worshippers 
passed through building in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Lawless tambarams 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Found a a roadside garage in Basin Bridge. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who occupies McDonalds outlets and turn them into outposts 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Doll DVD 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MTC Bus. took a ride around Ranganathan Street listening to Kumari songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they are scared 
Fans of Vijay kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. oldest and faintest memories 
passed through building in Selaiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Aishwarya Rajesh fandom 
passed through building in Kattupakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Parvathy fandom 
Met a hurt old man singing காயத்திரி கேட்கும் மாயத் திரை விலகும். they think we are not real 
passed through building in Kazhipattur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Brotherhood of Santhome 
Drove around Alwarpet listening to Moondru Mudichu songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them some choclates 
Crossed a long hill and found deserted supermarket. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Budeweiser. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A woman from Anaiyur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Bhavanisagar dam. could be a decoy 
raided Tufidco Powerfin Tower in search of Roman Holiday DVD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
At a MTC bus stop we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Engayum Eppothum (remix) 
In empty pond we found a Brocken Wall Clock in a old batboard smokehouse 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Theni. everything is just motionless and gray 
weird looking bearded man from Salem asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. handed them a cane 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Dviya 
I was near mayajaal but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Visited Koyambedu. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
passed through building in Saidapet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Baradwaj rangan 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
camped at Burma bazzar Atho Man and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
Crossed a a barn and found a roadside garage. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
mind was filled with obscure and painful memories. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Rajaji Salai, Chennai. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. walked the littered streets carefully 
mind was filled with digitalized molecular memories. It is better to be alone 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in West Mambalam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who build statues for Bigil 
I was near Park Hyatt but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Series 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
passed through building in Madhavaram Milk Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by CSK revival cult 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Met a hurt old man singing மழை பொழியும். handed them a cane 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Madhavaram Milk Colony 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஏ நெஞ்சே என் நெஞ்சே playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. wished them better things 
Visited Alandur. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
At a poisonous lake I made a last tour of the place 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Chetput. we have never been here before 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. looks stripped and plundered  
Fans of Andrea Jeremiah kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. astonishingly retentive memories 
when I find Luger pistol I will go visit Olakkannesvara Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Arun Vijay fan club have taken over Virugambakkam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. could be a decoy 
A girl from Mettupalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Suruli Falls. handed them a cane 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki CelerioX ZXi. took a ride around Sholavaram listening to Mahadhevi songs  
In muddy road we found a metal in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
At a barren land we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Crossed a field  and found deserted supermarket. trekked on till almost dark 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapettah there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Shanthanu Bhagyaraj. we briefly discussed about old times. uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Kalasala Kalasala 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
I want to visit Kanyakumari and Shore Temple someday 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bhavana. we briefly discussed about old times. digitalized molecular memories 
I was near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
I considered eating Murungakkai theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Aluma Doluma 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shriya Saran action figures 
Arrived at Chepauk Palace. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Met a hurt old man singing இளநெஞ்சே வா. they are scared 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kattupakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Coimbatore Confiderates are out in full force 
Kanadukathan Palace is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Id give them half of my food 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Terminator: Judgment Day DVD 
Drove around Kodambakkam listening to Baba songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
raided Ripon building in search of beauty. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Arani and Adavinainar Dam someday 
spotted hostile members of TNSTC fanatics near Feastinn . girlfriend asked me to hold Basic Car Repair Book and readied her handgun 
At the edge of Kovilambakkam we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Arrived at Mulberry star Burma Atho shop. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
TNHB Shopping Complex is full of Doomsday Skelotons. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn ghee roast 
mind was filled with old and evidently precious memories. cold daylight fell through  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Padi. we have never been here before 
A young boy with a good voice from Tiruvallur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Valasaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rakul Preet Singh 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mammootty 
passed through building in Mathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vetrimaran veriyans 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Carlsberg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Chosen Ones of Anna nagars now wander the wasteland of Chrompet in search of Shruthi Ramakrishnan bobble heads 
Pancha Rathas is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Crossed a train station and found scary graveyard. hiked back down to the highway 
At the edge of Sowcarpet we sat in the Honda Navi to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
A scavenger from Bhavani weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Lost track of what day it is. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Rola cola 
I was near Madras war cementary but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
passed through building in Manali New Town that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to சப்போஸ் உன்னை. helped them man to their feet  
Found a a stone wall in Palavakkam. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive rajinikanth is living in tharangammbadi fort 
A woman from Coonoor told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guru Nanak College Ground. helped them man to their feet  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sid Sriram 
At a MTC bus stop we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Visited Moulivakkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
A scavenger from Karaikudi a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
 hurt old lady from Tambaram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. handed them a cane 
A scavenger from Ramanathapuram weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Asin 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஓம் சிவோஹம் ஓம் சிவோஹம் playing in distance. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Honey Bee. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At the edge of Valasaravakkam we sat in the BMW Series 8 M8 to rest. cold daylight fell through  
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Manga Soru 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
Travelling with girlfriend to Broadway. We stayed off the road as we hear SVCE syndicate are out in full force 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero HF Deluxe 
I considered eating Mutton Sukka. desperate time desperate measures 
camped at Hemanth Chats and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a a small hill. passed through the site 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line 
Found a McDonalds outlet at George Town. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
In a barn we found a Hockey Stick in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
raided Radisson blu in search of colored drinks that ancients called pespi. woke in the cold dark coughing 
when I find bola I will go visit Fort Vijf Sinnen and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a A man begging for food singing ரங்கு ரக்கட ரக்கட. wished them luck 
Visited Washermanpet. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Dharmapuri. made a last tour of the place 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Monica action figures 
Raided Napiers bridge with Coimbatore Confiderates. We found Vetrilai poondu Soru and Underwear (1d2 1 Womens 2 Men). I advised them to ration their foods 
Visited Thiruninravur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
I want to visit Kallakurichi and Shore Temple someday 
I considered eating Fish curry in ginger and coconut milk. desperate time desperate measures 
We arrived at the outskirts of Ritchie Street the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
At a the highest ground we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
raided Panagal park in search of Diary milk silk. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Sangeetha fan club have taken over Moolakadai 
At a muddy road I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Fans of Taapsee Pannu kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hazy memories 
A scavenger from Ambattur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. There were signs in hippy language 
Ran out of Used Toothbrush. Time to join Citizens of Chengalpets 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Nandanam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a a dying old lady singing பாரதிக்கு கண்ணம்மா. let me just mind my buisness 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. shaking uncontrollably 
weird looking bearded man from Velampalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nivetha Pethuraj. could be a decoy 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Devi Sri Prasad. we briefly discussed about old times. poignant and pungent memories 
I want to visit Kovilpatti and Nallathangal Dam someday 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Kutladampatti Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
mind was filled with short-term eidetic memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Bhumika Chawla 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Poonam Bajwa 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shreya Ghoshal lives in Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Perambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Madras Motor Race Track is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nagma 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
mind was filled with short-term eidetic memories. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Yamaha FZ-S FI 
camped at CMDA Towers and had McDowell. Too many thoughts on mind. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to கோகிலா கோகிலா. helped them man to their feet  
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mudichur. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
A boy from Gudiyatham told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Katary Falls. wished them luck 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Honduras. They left today morning and I am lonely. no sign of life around 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
when I find M16 rifle I will go visit Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Virugambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mugilivakkam Mortals 
In dried up liver we found a Surgical Mask in a A burned house 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a scary graveyard. rummaged through the outsides 
Raided Didingul Thalapakkati with Madurai madmen. We found Muttai kalakki and Tennis Racket. I advised them to ration their foods 
Drove around Tharamani listening to Kumari songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ekkaduthangal. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Arrived at MGR Memorial. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sukanya 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
G. V. Prakash Kumar fan club have taken over Arcot Road 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
At the edge of Chetput we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
Passed through Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a desolate barn. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for maha lacto 
A young boy with a good voice from Chengalpattu told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Maduravoyal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Scion of SA Rajkumar 
I want to visit Nelliyalam and Sathanur Dam someday 
Met fans of Shreya Ghoshal. we cooked and dined on Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
Kamaraj Memorial House is full of Toxic Spent solvent wastes. entered from on the far side 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Namitha action figures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met a Actor who claimed he knew the location of Devayani 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Krishnagiri. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a a roadside garage. Maybe should go take a look 
passed through building in Arcot Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by New Prophet League 
Visited Santhome. made a last tour of the place 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
I considered eating aval pori. desperate time desperate measures 
A boy from Tiruvarur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit VOC Park Stadium. Told I wont hurt them. 
passed through building in Nolambur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Udhayanidhi Stalin fandom 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for GTA Vice city CD 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kodambakkam. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. that is definitely a bait 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Kattupakkam. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour that Kalaiyarasan fandom now occupies Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
I considered eating Maravalli kizhangu poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a aluminum houses. sat there and ate leftovers 
Travelling with girlfriend to Palavakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Followers of the Tendulkar are out in full force 
In forest we found a a jerry can in a a small hill 
At a poisonous lake we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is a rumour that Ajmal Ameer fandom now occupies Kiliyur Falls 
A scavenger from Theni a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from San Marino. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Travelling with girlfriend to Wallajah Road. We stayed off the road as we hear False Prophet Gang are out in full force 
What woke me up today was the sound of எளியோர் மனம் படும் playing in distance. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. helped them man to their feet  
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Shadow of the Wind – Carlos Ruiz Zafon 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Anjappar outlets 
There is a rumour that Hariharan fandom now occupies Solaiyar Dam 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Visited Nemilichery. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
At a barren land I everything is just motionless and gray 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata indigo 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Korukkupet 
I was near Raj Bhavan but couldnt see it due to toxic fog 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anirudh Ravichander 
At a field  we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Nagma fan club have taken over Kattivakkam 
A scavenger from Rajapalayam a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
I considered eating Nandu omelette. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sonia Agarwal 
camped at T nagar AGS and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Fans of Sneha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. horrible unconscious memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Catherine Tresa 
Rajarathinam Stadium is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
raided ITC grand chola in search of Apocalypse Now DVD. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Wind in the Willows 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ambattur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate learning lost martial arts called Varma Kalai and nokku varmam 
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Ilaiyaraaja fan club have taken over Nungambakkam High Road 
Ranjith fan club have taken over Alapakkam 
Fans of Srushti Dange kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. phenomenally massive memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Madhavaram Milk Colony. We stayed off the road as we hear The Devotee of Dhanush are out in full force 
A scavenger from Nagapattinam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Fans of Nithya Menen kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prenatal memories 
A boy from Thiruthani told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Manimuthar Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Liberia. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Rohini theatre who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to தங்க பதக்கத்தின் மேலே. wished them luck 
There is a rumour that Ajmal Ameer fandom now occupies Agasthiyar Falls 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Easwari Rao. we briefly discussed about old times. also sunny memories 
camped at thalamuthu natarajan maligai and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. I live like an animal 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Egmore 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Peters Road. hiked back down to the highway 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sura puttu 
Ran out of Bible. Time to join Chosen Ones of Anna nagars 
Abbas fandom now wander the wasteland of Kovilambakkam. They seek Healing Powder 
a dying old lady from Pudukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I considered eating Thengai paal meen curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Crossed a dry lake and found old batboard smokehouse. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Fans of Mammootty kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. awful and rancid memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Dunkaroos 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ranjitha 
In forest we found a Hand Bell in a scary graveyard 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is an increasing amount of demand for contra video game 
There is a rumour that Monal Naval fandom now occupies Panchapandava Cave Temple 
I was near Chettinad palace but couldnt see it due to Heat wave 
Visited Manapakkam. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sanghavi 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for roal cola candies 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Alwarthirunagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to re-establish the Mumbai Indians franchise 
At a muddy road we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Vadivel Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Kodungaiyur in search of Taapsee Pannu bobble heads 
Madhoo fandom now wander the wasteland of Rajaji Salai, Chennai. They seek Book Detailing Historical Empires 
Ran out of Swimming Goggles. Time to join The Warheads of Walajah road 
At the edge of Nungambakkam High Road we sat in the Bajaj Dominar 400 to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Tirumalai (Jain complex) and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Bobby Simha 
I considered eating Milagu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
What woke me up today was the sound of மக்காயேலா மக்காயேலா playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Tufidco Powerfin Tower who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
It took two days to cross Vallalar Nagar. shaking uncontrollably 
Raided Anna nagar roundtana with The Devotee of Dhanush. We found Unni appam and Ceramic Jar of Numbing Agent. I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. we have never been here before 
I want to visit Nelliyalam and Law's Falls, Coonoor someday 
Met fans of Kalaiyarasan. we cooked and dined on Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Gone With the Wind 
Lower Anaicut is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
A young boy with a good voice from Cuddalore asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kajal Aggarwal. handed them some choclates 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Malavika 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Boondhi 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anjali lives in Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nandita Swetha 
There is a rumour that Aari fandom now occupies Guindy Race Course 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
Found a a stone wall in Puzhal. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who dress up as anthropomorphics and other strange-looking characters 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Alandur. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Hundred Years of Solitude 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Fish briyani 
At the edge of Puzhal we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
A boy from Hosur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram. handed them a cane 
Sangita fandom now wander the wasteland of Armenian Street. They seek Dartboard 
Met a A man begging for food singing உருள உருளைகிழங்கே. handed them some choclates 
It took two days to cross Padi. barren, silent and merciless 
Ran out of Water Damaged Oil Painting. Time to join The Deviants 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sangeetha action figures 
In flyover we found a Sheriffs Badge in a scary graveyard 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Vaigai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A man begging for food from Arcot told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
camped at Dakshinchitra and had mansion house. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay Antony 
Raided N V Natarajan Maaligai with Followers of the Tendulkar. We found Kozhi vellai kuruma and Pickled Fetus. I advised them to ration their foods 
Visited Korattur. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Dominica. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
At a highway we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them luck 
At a MTC bus stop I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Fans of Parvathy kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
Crossed a empty pond and found A burned house. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
passed through building in Manapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The badass cult of Bodinayakanur 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mundhiri Kothu 
I considered eating Urulai Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hunter beer. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Crossed a muddy road and found a small hill. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. rummaged through the outsides 
At a forest I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
Fans of Prashanth kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. phenomenally massive memories 
Ranjankudi Fort is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Travelling with girlfriend to Thiruneermalai. We stayed off the road as we hear Pure blood poraligal are out in full force 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to ராக்கோழி கூவும். Id give them half of my food 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puli pongal 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression. took a ride around Chetput listening to Badri songs  
It took two days to cross Gerugambakkam. Everything is gray as my heart 
There is an increasing amount of demand for of Sherlock Holmes – Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj M80. took a ride around Kattivakkam listening to Kalyani songs  
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
Fans of Bhavana kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and accurate memories 
A scavenger from Sivakasi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Vaniyambadi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Anandhi. we cooked and dined on Arisi thengai payasam 
Met fans of Prabhu Deva. filled with unerring official memories 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Anna nagar tower park who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Arani. walked the littered streets carefully 
New Start Federation now wander the wasteland of Nolambur in search of Amala Paul bobble heads 
a poor young boy from Ranipet asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Atharvaa. Told I wont hurt them. 
passed through building in St.Thomas Mount that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nungambakkam overlords 
I considered eating Hyderabad Biriyani. desperate time desperate measures 
Fans of Karikalan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. remote warm memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Old Admiral. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
a dying old lady from Rajapalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Medavakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chintadripet the weather is almost unbearable, realized when the time comes there will be no time 
SRM university is full of Radioactive sludge. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Passed through dirt road and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . walked up to find any tracks 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Meena 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Bullet 350. took a ride around Government Estate listening to Comali songs  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Scorpio 
A scavenger from Tiruvarur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met fans of Sonia Agarwal. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen varuval 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kotturpuram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive that a great queen will give them rebirth as powerful agents of darkness 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At the edge of China Bazaar Road we sat in the Ford Freestyle to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
I was near George town but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Raided Jannal Kadai with TNSTC fanatics. We found Senai chops and Dead Potted Plant. I advised them to ration their foods 
a poor young boy from Vellore told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஊரெல்லாம் உன்னை நயன்தாரா playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A scavenger from Anaiyur a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Fort St. George (India) who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Visited Peerkankaranai. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
CSK revival cult now wander the wasteland of Palavakkam in search of Manoj Bharathiraja bobble heads 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. wished them better things 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata ACE 
we sat by the side of the dry lake and ate the last of the AdaiThakkali Soru 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vimal 
Trisha fan club have taken over Royapettah 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Drove around Chintadripet listening to Mannadhi Mannan songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Drove around Sholinganallur listening to Purusha lakshanam songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for mogu mogu 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
raided Basin bridge in search of Persuasion. trekked on till almost dark 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Aari 
Adavinainar Dam is filled with Wastewater sludges according to a survivor I met today 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Medavakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Remains of the Day (Kazuo Ishiguro) 
A scavenger told me he beleives Napoleon lives in Kodiveri dam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nithya Menen. we briefly discussed about old times. a trip/walk down memory lane 
There is a rumour that Sadha fandom now occupies Guindy Race Course 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
Drove around Vyasarpadi listening to Kai Kodukkum Kai songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Jyothika fan club have taken over Vandalur 
Met a hurt old man singing என் உச்சி மண்டைல சுர்ரின்குது. handed them a cane 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for City of God DVD 
In train station we found a checker in a a stone wall 
Priya Anand fan club have taken over MKB Nagar 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Schaumburg-Lippe. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. walked up to find any tracks 
At the edge of Pattabiram we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for Persuasion 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. Id give them half of my food 
In barren land we found a smartphone in a An old doghouse 
CMBT is full of Wastewater sludges. passed through the site 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Arachuvitta sambar 
It took two days to cross Whites Road. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A scavenger told me he beleives Harish Raghavendra lives in MGR Race Course Stadium 
I considered eating Mundhiri Kothu. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour that Arulnithi fandom now occupies Vaideki Falls 
Met a a poor young boy singing கண்ணால கண்ணால. helped them man to their feet  
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Sodakku mela 
Found a A burned house in Perungudi. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive they can create internet and rebuild twitter again 
What woke me up today was the sound of நெஞ்சத்திலே playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
raided Aavin Illam in search of beauty. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Travelling with girlfriend to Adambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Vadivel Syndicate are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I was near Mulberry star Burma Atho shop but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mount Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
Met fans of Sangeetha. filled with retentive and accurate memories 
Fans of Dinesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. painful or uncomfortable memories 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Paandi naattu kodiyin mela 
raided Raj Bhavan in search of Dick. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kozhakkattai 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாடியம்மா ஜக்கம்மா playing in distance. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Dindigul told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
spotted hostile members of The Blessed near Feastinn . girlfriend asked me to hold Bag of Charcoal and readied her Sten gun 
Found a a roadside garage in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who seek something called The Holy Grail and it is MGRs wristwatch 
There is an increasing amount of demand for perk 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Terminator: Judgment Day DVD 
Travelling with girlfriend to Thirumangalam. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion are out in full force 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata ACE 
Kovilpatti Coalition now wander the wasteland of Medavakkam in search of Ashok Selvan bobble heads 
At a flyover we hiked back down to the highway 
At the edge of Mannady we sat in the Bajaj avenger to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Camped at a desolate barn in Noombal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Abbas fandom now wander the wasteland of Neelankarai. They seek pruning hook and caught in the neck of a re-dead zombie 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Gambia. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Visited St.Thomas Mount. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Chengalpattu. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I want to visit Poonamallee and Katary Falls someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sanghavi action figures 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாயார முத்தம் தந்து playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
passed through building in Thiruvanmiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sneha fandom 
There is a rumour that Trisha fandom now occupies Gomukhinadhi Reservoir 
Arrived at Nair Mess. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nandanam. We stayed off the road as we hear Mugilivakkam Mortals are out in full force 
A young boy with a good voice from Tiruppathur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to No money No honey 
Met fans of Priya Anand. we cooked and dined on Dosai 
raided IIT campus in search of Anna Karenina. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Manmatha Rasa 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shreya Ghoshal action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shruti Haasan	 
Arrived at a muddy road. Danced to Paandi naattu kodiyin mela 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Dark Materials Trilogy 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Mahishasuramardini Mandapa is filled with Washed over deadbodies according to a survivor I met today 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
A young boy with a good voice from Kovilpatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Preetha Vijayakumar. we cooked and dined on Kara pori 
At a crossroads I found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Korukkupet. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who claim mysskin has established a proliteriat utopia in Russia 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Inner Ring Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Navi. took a ride around Annanur listening to Saguni songs  
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near TNPHC Building who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Travelling with girlfriend to Jafferkhanpet. We stayed off the road as we hear Brotherhood of Santhome are out in full force 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
A man from Erode told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kutladampatti Falls. wished them better things 
when I find trinitrotoluene I will go visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. I live like an animal 
We arrived at the outskirts of Villivakkam the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vignesh action figures 
Bindu Madhavi fandom now wander the wasteland of Mount-Poonamallee Road. They seek Radraoch Carapace 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I was near Apollo hospital but couldnt see it due to smog 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
passed through building in Rajaji Salai, Chennai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Deva fandom 
camped at Forum viajaya mall and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
spotted hostile members of The Devotee of Dhanush near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks. girlfriend asked me to hold Weapon Scope and readied her tomahawk 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Hornet 160 R. took a ride around Tambaram listening to Yennai Arindhaal songs  
Ran out of television. Time to join Vadivel Syndicate 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sandhya action figures 
A scavenger from Nilgiris a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Ran out of Hand Bell. Time to join Citizens of Chengalpets 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gayathrie action figures 
What woke me up today was the sound of நகுலா நகுலா playing in distance. It is better to be alone 
Crossed a field  and found abandoned roadworks site. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Aari fandom now wander the wasteland of Otteri. They seek box of rock candy 
I considered eating Cauliflower milagu pirattal. desperate time desperate measures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking types of vadai 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ranjith action figures 
Sangita fandom now wander the wasteland of Guindy. They seek Empty Nuka Cola Bottle 
Visited Injambakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a a small hill. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sweet seedai 
mind was filled with profane and poetical memories. It is better to be alone 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
passed through building in Washermanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dharmapuri doomsday cult 
Drove around Thiruvanmiyur listening to Goripalayam songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
spotted hostile members of New Prophet League near Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building. girlfriend asked me to hold zombie handcuffed to a street sign and readied her Paris Gun 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Udhayanidhi Stalin action figures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of aluminum houses in Santhome. we have never been here before 
Met fans of Prashanth. filled with hazy memories 
It took two days to cross Ritchie Street. air is growing thin each passing day 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust devil. cold daylight fell through  
Met fans of Prabhu Deva. we cooked and dined on Murungakeerai poriyal 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
I want to visit Sirkazhi and Aliyar Reservoir someday 
Sangita fan club have taken over Kodungaiyur 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing என் மனமே என் மனமே. wished them better things 
mind was filled with few ironic memories. barren, silent and merciless 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to ஆயக் கலைகளின் அறுபத்து. that is definitely a bait 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Murukku 
Found a garden shed in Nungambakkam High Road. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
Fans of Manisha Koirala kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unforgettable memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a A burned house. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Crossed a dirt road and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pasiparuppu paaysam 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Kazhipattur. we have never been here before 
We arrived at the outskirts of K.K. Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. air is growing thin each passing day 
Visited Central Square. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
raided Connemara public library in search of Camlin water color tubes. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Feeling sad. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vikram. we briefly discussed about old times. a trip/walk down memory lane 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for The Shawshank Redemption DVD 
Passed through forest and came upon a scary graveyard. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Parrys Corner. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met a a dying old lady singing மனதார காதலித்தால். could be a decoy 
Vijayalakshmi fandom now wander the wasteland of Noombal. They seek hazmat suit 
At a nasty lake we walked the littered streets carefully 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Dexter cartoon 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Meenambakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive rescue hurt people from battlefields and radicalize them as a savages 
At a metro station I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Camped at a a roadside garage in Purasaiwalkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Government Museum, Karur is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Nepal. They left today morning and I am lonely. If only my heart were stone 
We arrived at the outskirts of China Bazaar Road the weather is almost unbearable, realized when the time comes there will be no time 
raided Mambalam Thanjavur mess in search of poppins. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
A scavenger from Anakaputhur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Crossed a metro station and found a small hill. everything is just motionless and gray 
when I find coastal artillery I will go visit Sengupathi Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
It took two days to cross Central Square. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Fishermens cove is full of Toxic leachate. looks stripped and plundered  
hurt old man from Kuniyamuthur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Heera Rajgopal. wished them luck 
Feeling sad. I live like an animal 
A man from Komarapalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal. wished them better things 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Mugalivakkam. we have never been here before 
when I find Panzerfaust I will go visit Ullakaarvi and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a A burned house. passed through the site 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Australia. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
I considered eating Murungakkai puli kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. passed through the site 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Danga Mari oothari 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Raided Statue of Labour with Disciples of Rajnikanth. We found Garlic rasam and Wonderglue. I advised them to ration their foods 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
Arrived at Marine Beach Road. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Visited Mugalivakkam. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
Arrived at Anmol Mohit Lassi. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
A scavenger told me he beleives Taapsee Pannu lives in Thirunadhikkara Caves 
We arrived at the outskirts of Medavakkam the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
At a forest I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Kaligambal mess who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anandhi 
passed through building in Kattivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Reveleation of Rajapalayam 
I was near Madras war cementary but couldnt see it due to Dust storm 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Chaya Singh 
passed through building in Choolaimedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Last of lemurians 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Story 
passed through building in Puzhal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Confederacy of Chrompet 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Choolaimedu. we have never been here before 
What woke me up today was the sound of போன உசுரு வந்துருச்சு playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
In nasty lake we found a Dirtied Wedding Dress in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Camped at a desolate barn in Mount-Poonamallee Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Leela palace who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Drove around Villivakkam listening to Manam Kothi Paravai songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. could hear a slack drip of water 
Madhumitha fandom now wander the wasteland of Jafferkhanpet. They seek Brocken Wall Clock 
In highway we found a heavy duty laptop in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Aishwarya Rajesh fandom now wander the wasteland of Pattaravakkam. They seek Metal Clothing Hangar 
raided Anna university campus in search of Se7en DVD. everything is just motionless and gray 
Tabu fan club have taken over Saligramam 
camped at Government Museum and had Ballantines. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Fans of Mammootty kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. distant and fond memories 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
passed through building in Tambaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rambha. we briefly discussed about old times. horrible unconscious memories 
A man from Pudukkottai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gingee Fort. wished them better things 
hurt old man from Udumalaipettai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Napoleon. helped them man to their feet  
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Mathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
camped at CMWSSB Buildings and had Chivas Regal. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
At a flyover I went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
spotted hostile members of The Droplets near Le Royal meridien. girlfriend asked me to hold Personal Sized Safe and readied her quarterstaff 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vallalar Nagar. walked the littered streets carefully 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Puzhal. we have never been here before 
Arrived at MGM dizee world. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Lost track of what day it is. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
The Prodigy of Perungudi now wander the wasteland of Aminjikarai in search of Gayathrie bobble heads 
A man begging for food from Thuraiyur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I considered eating Karuvepillai Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Met a a dying old lady singing வண்ண வண்ண. wished them luck 
weird looking bearded man from Gudiyatham told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Thoothukudi A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chintadripet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as Rayappan from Bigil 
raided Murugan Idli shop in search of The Good the Bad and the Ugly DVD. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Antony 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Padi. we have never been here before 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Red Hills. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Found a a stone wall in United India Colony. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who search the lost city of Tirunelveli 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kadalai paruppu paayasam 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Purasaiwalkam. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
passed through building in Pulianthope that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sect of Anna university affliated alumni 
Followers of the Tendulkar now wander the wasteland of Nanganallur in search of Atharvaa bobble heads 
At the edge of Chepauk we sat in the Honda Activa 6G to rest. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A man from Dharmapuri told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Catherine Falls. wished them better things 
Ran out of Bowling Pin. Time to join The Droplets 
At a dirt road I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A scavenger told me he beleives Catherine Tresa lives in Kanadukathan Palace 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly rogue waves. Motionless and precise 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a a stone wall. There are no tracks in the mud around 
In dirt road we found a Cloth Tape Measure in a desolate barn 
Crossed a dry lake and found a small hill. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Chepauk Palace is full of Toxic smoke. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Tabu 
Met fans of Samantha. filled with same encyclopedic memories 
There is a rumour that Kathir fandom now occupies Fort Geldria 
Met fans of Prathyusha. filled with distinct and wondrous memories 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for Zoo Tycoon 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Tharamani listening to Muthu songs  
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Madhumitha action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vijay Antony 
Drove around Central Square listening to Thalapathi songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Arrived at Hyatt regency. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Ran out of Food (1 Supplies). Time to join Disciples of Baradwaj rangan 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Ennore. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Hyderabad Biriyani 
Ran out of boots. Time to join Old Ruins Federation 
Passed through dried up liver and came upon a An old doghouse. entered from on the far side 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Goundampalayam. hiked back down to the highway 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mice and Men 
Ran out of Corned beef . Time to join The Prodigy of Perungudi 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy 
A woman from Nellikuppam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Rajarathinam Stadium. let me just mind my buisness 
we sat by the side of the Chennai Suburban Railway station and ate the last of the Vendakkaai poriyal 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Met a Midwife who claimed he knew the location of Keerthy Suresh 
Meena fandom now wander the wasteland of Pallavaram. They seek cutters 
Vattaparai Falls is filled with Radioactive waste according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Gopalapuram 
mind was filled with prodigious and accurate memories. barren, silent and merciless 
passed through building in Basin Bridge that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
I want to visit Goundampalayam and Thirumoorthy Dam someday 
when I find dirty bomb I will go visit Mukkadal Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sri Divya lives in Coutrallam Falls 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sheela Rajkumar action figures 
Arrived at Westin. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
passed through building in Mannady that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vijayalakshmi fandom 
Met fans of Harish Kalyan. we cooked and dined on Murukku 
Vijay fandom now wander the wasteland of Gerugambakkam. They seek Dentures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Arrived at Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Visited Foreshore Estate. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
There is a rumour that Monal Naval fandom now occupies Fort Geldria 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Madhoo 
Sunaina fandom now wander the wasteland of Peerkankaranai. They seek Radscorpion Stinger 
Met a A man begging for food singing எனக்காக உனக்காக. they think we are not real 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Andrea Jeremiah 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sadha 
We arrived at the outskirts of Annanur the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
Crossed a dried up liver and found godown covered with ash and dust. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Nandanam trade centre who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai now wander the wasteland of Vandalur in search of Anand bobble heads 
when I find depth charge I will go visit Pykara and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of Whetstone. Time to join PSBB Alumni 
I considered eating Kizhangu pottalam. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Suriya action figures 
Fans of Anushka Shetty kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back bad memories 
raided Thendral Valaagam in search of Sketch pen. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
It took two days to cross Wallajah Road. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At a crossroads we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing பூக்களே சற்று ஓய்வெடுங்கள். Id give them half of my food 
At a empty pond we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met fans of Meena. we cooked and dined on Vatha kozhambu 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
It took two days to cross Ramavaram. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Salem. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
A scavenger from Aruppukkottai weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gopika action figures 
Met fans of Sheela Rajkumar. filled with dim subliminal memories 
passed through building in Chennai Bypass that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Chosen Ones of Anna nagars 
camped at marina beach and had mcdowells. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Prawn briyani 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
At the edge of Chetput we sat in the Mercedes to rest. had a bad dream 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
It took two days to cross Saidapet. air is growing thin each passing day 
At a MTC bus stop I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Srushti Dange fan club have taken over Washermanpet 
Visited Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Pudukkottai. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mohanlal 
At the edge of Egmore we sat in the Ford Aspire to rest. had a bad dream 
Manthra fan club have taken over Peravallur 
passed through building in Royapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by CSK revival cult 
passed through building in Sembakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sneha fandom 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. Told I wont hurt them. 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Cenotaph Road. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
Arrived at Basin bridge. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
hurt old man from Nagapattinam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Avadi. hiked back down to the highway 
Feeling sad. I live like an animal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sakkarai Pongal 
passed through building in Foreshore Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Myskkin Brotherhood 
There is a rumour that Sangeetha fandom now occupies Coimbatore Golf Club 
I was near mayajaal but couldnt see it due to Deadly rogue waves 
A girl from Velampalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit M. A. Chidambaram Stadium. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kausalya lives in Mettur Dam 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . looks stripped and plundered  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sithalapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mandaveli. We stayed off the road as we hear Order of Marina are out in full force 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Wall Tax Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive occupies McDonalds outlets and turn them into outposts 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alwarpet. walked the littered streets carefully 
passed through building in Armenian Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arvind Swamy fandom 
when I find bombs I will go visit Ranjankudi Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Whites Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by A. R. Rahman fandom 
A man begging for food from Thuraiyur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Madhoo. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
passed through building in Ennore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Shruti Haasan	 fandom 
At a junction I realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
It took two days to cross Pattabiram. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Arrived at Ethiraj college. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a aluminum houses. entered from on the far side 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for The Godfather DVD 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mint Street. We stayed off the road as we hear The tribe of Trichy  are out in full force 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Rajaji Salai, Chennai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Feeling sad. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
It took two days to cross Nanmangalam. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vaazhakkai podimas 
Napoleon fandom now wander the wasteland of Guindy. They seek shovel thats been broken in half 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mulai payaru kozhambu 
Dosart is full of Doomsday Skelotons. decided to camped there 
A girl from Theni told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodiveri dam. helped them man to their feet  
Drove around Raj Bhavan listening to Vedigundu Murugesan songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A scavenger from Kadayanallur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. walked the littered streets carefully 
I want to visit Sankarankoil and Thirunadhikkara Caves someday 
when I find Panzerfaust I will go visit Padmanabhapuram Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kazhipattur. We stayed off the road as we hear Disciples of Baradwaj rangan are out in full force 
Fans of Sivaranjani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. short-term eidetic memories 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Mint Street. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Harish Raghavendra 
A scavenger from Sivagangai  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kundrathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Salem are out in full force 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Adhaaru adhaaru 
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a garden shed. decided to camped there 
raided parrys corner in search of David Copperfield. trekked on till almost dark 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Sri Lanka. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Basin Bridge. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In forest we found a camera wrecked beyond repair in a deserted supermarket 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
Met a Dietitian who claimed he knew the location of Amala Paul 
mind was filled with benign other memories. feeling half faint and tired 
Met fans of Suvaluxmi. we cooked and dined on Murungakeerai poriyal 
Drove around Sholinganallur listening to Naan songs. made a last tour of the place 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. If only my heart were stone 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
A girl from Rajapalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai. helped them man to their feet  
camped at Police headquarters building and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
Raided Ega theatre with Sholinganallur Syndicate. We found Muttai aviayal and Lead Box (xx16 in). I advised them to ration their foods 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Met fans of Shalini. we cooked and dined on Urulai Soru 
I was near Devi theatre but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
passed through building in Karapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Hansika Motwani fandom 
Vimal fan club have taken over Nolambur 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more concert stages  and No more concert stages  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in George Town. we have never been here before 
In crossroads we found a Bread Box in a An old doghouse 
I was near CMWSSB Buildings but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
I was near Aavin Illam but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sithalapakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Mugilivakkam Mortals are out in full force 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Express avenue who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Tabu 
In train station we found a Calendar 2076 in a old batboard smokehouse 
spotted hostile members of Madurai madmen near Didingul Thalapakkati. girlfriend asked me to hold Book of Religions and readied her Hotchkiss machine gun 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to காதல் கிரிக்கட். handed them some choclates 
Vimal fandom now wander the wasteland of Karapakkam. They seek Trombone 
At a dried up liver we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Camped at a scary woods in Vyasarpadi. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flight.  and No more flight.  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sembakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive rely on a mystic nectar known as the Dalgona coffee 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a a small hill. There were signs in hippy language 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. feeling half faint and tired 
Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fan club have taken over Guindy 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Comfy Couch 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Samantha. we briefly discussed about old times. unusually retentive memories 
raided Titanic Food Corner in search of perk. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. sat there and ate leftovers 
camped at Burma bazzar and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Kiran Rathod fan club have taken over MGR Nagar 
There is a rumour that Nikki Galrani fandom now occupies Upper Anaicut 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Sangam theatre who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Thuraipakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who claim they make the best post apocalyptic filter coffee 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Rear Window DVD 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Taj coromandel who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
At a forest I trekked on till almost dark 
Crossed a dirt road and found deserted supermarket. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
we sat by the side of the muddy road and ate the last of the Sharbat 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Hansika Motwani 
Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda now wander the wasteland of Mathur in search of Anirudh Ravichander bobble heads 
Visited Chrompet. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Marshall Islands. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Park Town 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Sathiyama Ne enaku thevaiye illa 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Fresh Prince of Bel-Air 
A woman from Chidambaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. that is definitely a bait 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Sri Lanka. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Kottur in search of Vidharth bobble heads 
Camped at a desolate barn in Mugalivakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vedhika lives in Upper Anaicut 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரு முறை இரு முறை playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
Kuralagam Buildings is full of Washed over deadbodies. sat on the embankment and waited	 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kamal Haasan 
It took two days to cross Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Matrix DVD 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shruti Haasan	 
passed through building in Puthagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dharmapuri doomsday cult 
when I find bombs I will go visit Ranjankudi Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Hornet 160 R 
passed through building in Sembakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ex-IT exodus  
Drove around Meenambakkam listening to Mersal songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
A scavenger from Coimbatore A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Ran out of Anti Mutant Propoganda. Time to join Faction of the Fort St George 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Pazhavanthangal. we have never been here before 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Muttai aviayal 
Met a a begging old lady singing மன்னவனே என். that is definitely a bait 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to Tanga Dunga 
Visited Park Town. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Arrived at DMS Annex Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series M Sport. took a ride around Sembakkam listening to Aadhavan songs  
Arrived at Music Academy. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to தாடிக்காரா தாடிக்காரா. let me just mind my buisness 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chintadripet 
Met fans of G. V. Prakash Kumar. filled with maddeningly nebulous memories 
Sandhya fan club have taken over Pallavaram 
raided Alsa mall in search of Twist. walked the littered streets carefully 
Ashok Selvan fan club have taken over Korukkupet 
Lost track of what day it is. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pudupet. We stayed off the road as we hear Mugilivakkam Mortals are out in full force 
I considered eating Ambur chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Mohanlal fandom now wander the wasteland of Gopalapuram. They seek Dartboard 
It took two days to cross Tirusulam. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
when I find semiautomatic pistol I will go visit The Fernhills Palace, Ooty and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a garden shed in Karapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who build statues for Bigil 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Rakul Preet Singh 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Malavika 
A scavenger told me he beleives Madhumitha lives in Ranjankudi Fort 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Manipol 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to உறவென்னும் புதிய வானில். could be a decoy 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tvs Apache rtr 180 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vedhika 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj V 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Kazhipattur. we have never been here before 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kootansoru 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Meen puli muzham 
Met a a poor young boy singing சந்தியா சந்தியா. that is definitely a bait 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Mixed Vegetable Sambar 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Tondiarpet. we have never been here before 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Travelling with girlfriend to Injambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Goundamani Union are out in full force 
we sat by the side of the poisonous lake and ate the last of the Nandu masala 
Thirunadhikkara Caves is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near MGR Memorial who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
 hurt old lady from Melur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
It took two days to cross Ennore. air is growing thin each passing day 
Fans of Nandita Swetha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and inexhaustible memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Padi there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive occupies McDonalds outlets and turn them into outposts 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz E-Class 
Camped at a scary woods in Nolambur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
What woke me up today was the sound of சின்னக் குட்டி மீனா playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Thalamuthu Natarajan Building is full of Toxic smog. looks stripped and plundered  
We arrived at the outskirts of Pallikaranai the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Antigua and Barbuda. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. just cold and the silence everywhere 
In flyover we found a Book on Dealing with PTSD in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Sholinganallur 
 hurt old lady from Kuniyamuthur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in Medavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Atharvaa fandom 
At a the highest ground I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to காற்றே பூங்காற்றே. they think we are not real 
TNHB Shopping Complex is full of Aeroplane debris. Maybe should go take a look 
In MTC bus stop we found a Bioluminous Mold in a old batboard smokehouse 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Madambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Crossed a nasty lake and found abandoned dumpyard. walked the littered streets carefully 
At the edge of Pallavaram we sat in the BMW Series 8 M8 to rest. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chennai Bypass. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a McDonalds outlet at Smith Road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Wall Tax Road. we have never been here before 
Travelling with girlfriend to Puzhal. We stayed off the road as we hear False Prophet Gang are out in full force 
Vikram fandom now wander the wasteland of Vallalar Nagar. They seek Blunt Wood Saw	 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Elumichai Soru (Lemon rice) 
camped at Phoenix mall and had mcdowells. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road listening to Kanne Kalaimaane songs  
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a deserted supermarket. sat there and ate leftovers 
camped at Poomalai Commercial Complex and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. barren, silent and merciless 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Ritchie Street 
Swathi Reddy fan club have taken over Gerugambakkam 
Found a aluminum houses in Puthagaram. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who build statues for bijili ramesh 
We arrived at the outskirts of MKB Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
I was near Burma bazzar but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Adavinainar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
camped at parrys corner and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
A scavenger from Chinnamanur weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Meen maanga curry 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Basin Bridge there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்களின் வார்த்தைகள் playing in distance. had a bad dream 
A scavenger told me he beleives Priya Anand lives in Varaha Cave Temple 
A scavenger told me he beleives Manisha Koirala lives in Ranjankudi Fort 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Kallakurichi. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Aminjikarai listening to Padikathavan songs  
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pammal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ritika Singh 
camped at Chennai Police Commissionerate and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Children (Salman Rushdie) 
I was near CMBT but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sherin action figures 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked AdaiThakkali Soru 
At a a barn we made a last tour of the place 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Trisha 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
At a metro station I noticed dog followed us for two days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Prayer for Owen Meany 
I was near Eliots beach but couldnt see it due to Ice storm 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Smith Road. we have never been here before 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Me Elmo 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Texas. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
I was near Anna university campus but couldnt see it due to smog 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Nithya Menen 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kilpauk the weather is almost unbearable, realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Sholavaram. hiked back down to the highway 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Suvaluxmi 
At a round about we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Found a aluminum houses in West Mambalam. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who wear silver cloths and advocators of Atleeism 
passed through building in Gerugambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Roman reigns 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around Thirumullaivoyal listening to Moodar Koodam songs  
Met fans of Vidharth. filled with digitalized molecular memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ennai kathrikkaai masala 
mind was filled with oldest and faintest memories. It is better to be alone 
It took two days to cross Rajiv Gandhi Salai. everything is just dim and shapeless 
spotted hostile members of Cult of CEG near East Mada road stalls. girlfriend asked me to hold and pipe fittings and readied her pistol 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Ayanavaram. we have never been here before 
A scavenger from Srivilliputhur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
At a train station we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anushka Shetty fandom 
Nair Mess is full of Construction debris. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kattivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The Prodigy of Perungudi are out in full force 
Met fans of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar. filled with uncommonly retentive memories 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. sat on the embankment and waited	 
passed through building in Adyar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Salem 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha YZF R15 V3. took a ride around Peravallur listening to Mr Madras songs  
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. entered from on the far side 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nikki Galrani lives in Government Museum, Karur 
There is a rumour that Mohanlal fandom now occupies Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. let me just mind my buisness 
Passed through metro station and came upon a A burned house. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met a Firefighter who claimed he knew the location of Taapsee Pannu 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Ambur. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Found a An old doghouse in Kattupakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who Worship a Blu ray copy of Ghilli that is safeguarded in a temple 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Karikalan 
At a a barn we It was getting dark fast 
A young boy with a good voice from Palladam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Tabu. could be a decoy 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. helped them man to their feet  
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Found a desolate barn in Kotturpuram. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
weird looking bearded man from Dindigul asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shalini. wished them luck 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Simran. we briefly discussed about old times. poignant and pungent memories 
The Legion now wander the wasteland of Chitlapakkam in search of Karikalan bobble heads 
passed through building in Velachery that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of the Pudhupettai 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Madhavaram. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to யாரது யாரது மின்னலாய். handed them a cane 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mansion house. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Serbia. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Mor Kuzhambu 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஊர்வலமாக மாப்பிள்ளை playing in distance. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met a Cashier who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rajesh 
In empty pond we found a Fresh Human Heart in a abandoned dumpyard 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Surya sivakumar near marina beach. girlfriend asked me to hold Cylinder of helium enough to fill 30 balloons and readied her boomerang 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Monal Naval. filled with few ironic memories 
Ran out of Wig (blonde long). Time to join Neo-Bigilism republic 
It took two days to cross Royapuram. just cold and the silence everywhere 
a dying old lady from Avaniapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to சகலகலா டாக்டர் டாக்டர். they are scared 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Seychelles. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
Raided CMDA Towers with The badass cult of Bodinayakanur. We found Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu and Gardening Gloves. I advised them to ration their foods 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Gangaikonda Cholapuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a An old doghouse. sat on the embankment and waited	 
weird looking bearded man from Tirupur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sandhya. wished them better things 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to What a Karavad 
Met fans of Haricharan. filled with cruelest and bitterest memories 
A man from Maduravoyal told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Krishnagiri Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Nithya Menen. filled with vague sketchy memories 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Bittu Padam di 
A scavenger from Krishnagiri hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Basin bridge who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
What woke me up today was the sound of நில்லாத வெண்ணிலா playing in distance. air is growing thin each passing day 
camped at Vaishnavi Idli Kadai and had McDowell. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
I was near SRM university but couldnt see it due to smog 
when I find lance I will go visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At the edge of Thuraipakkam we sat in the Land Rover Range Rover Sport to rest. had a bad dream 
camped at Hemanth Chats and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
It took two days to cross Chrompet. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to கண்ணம்மா கண்ணம்மா. wished them better things 
A scavenger from Nellikuppam A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kausalya 
Visited Selaiyur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Camped at a desolate barn in Saligramam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Fans of Anjali kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. intrusive other memories 
Met a Accountant who claimed he knew the location of Shalini 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vimal lives in Amaravathi Dam 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Sevai 
when I find handgun I will go visit Aliyar Reservoir and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for G. V. Prakash Kumar action figures 
Met fans of Manthra. filled with vague perplexing memories 
What woke me up today was the sound of என்ன அழகு எத்தனை playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Dosai 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Nanmangalam listening to Moondram Pirai songs  
mind was filled with hazy memories. I live like an animal 
It took two days to cross Peerkankaranai. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nandanam 
Vijay Sethupathi fan club have taken over Selaiyur 
At the edge of Alapakkam we sat in the Honda Amaze to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Thiruvotriyur in search of Anand bobble heads 
mind was filled with living memories of closed ones. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
T nagar AGS is full of Automobile Debris. rummaged through the outsides 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
At a long hill I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. let me just mind my buisness 
There is an increasing amount of demand for And the Temptations My Girl 
At the edge of Pattabiram we sat in the TVS Apache RTR 160 to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
At a dried up liver we noticed dog followed us for two days 
I considered eating Palambali. desperate time desperate measures 
mind was filled with off by heart memories. feeling half faint and tired 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series M Sport. took a ride around Moulivakkam listening to Rekka songs  
Met fans of Kiran Rathod. filled with private and unpleasant memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Aminjikarai. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Devi Sri Prasad 
Shanthanu Bhagyaraj fandom now wander the wasteland of Arumbakkam. They seek football 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of Government Estate in search of Athulya Ravi bobble heads 
It took two days to cross Selaiyur. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
raided Statue of Labour in search of Alone. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Camped at a An old doghouse in Egmore. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Feeling sad. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Karl schmidt memorial who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing தளுக்கித் தளுக்கித்தான். wished them better things 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sheela Rajkumar 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Central African Republic. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything is gray as my heart 
raided GRT grand in search of beauty. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz C-Class. took a ride around Royapettah listening to Kadhal Kavithai songs  
Ran out of Boxing Glove. Time to join Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
A scavenger told me he beleives Preetha Vijayakumar lives in Ullakaarvi 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
At the edge of Choolaimedu we sat in the Tata indigo to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met fans of Bobby Simha. we cooked and dined on aval pori 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
a begging old lady from Kadayanallur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kalaiyarasan 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Purasaiwalkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Gopika lives in Kuppanatham Dam 
At the edge of Santhome we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class Cabriolet to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
What woke me up today was the sound of தெய்வமே தெய்வமே playing in distance. had a bad dream 
I considered eating Arasanikaai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Nandu masala 
We arrived at the outskirts of Meenambakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Motionless and precise 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Periyasemur. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Idappadi. It was getting dark fast 
In a river  we found a Bottle of Whiskey in a abandoned roadworks site 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Smith Road 
Found a a stone wall in Vanagaram. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who worship yogi babu 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to கண்ணோடு கண்ணை. handed them a cane 
Visited Kazhipattur. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Lost track of what day it is. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Feeling sad. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a a dying old lady singing சுடர் விடு பொன். they are scared 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mansion house. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Genelia D'Souza fandom now wander the wasteland of Wallajah Road. They seek Leaf Blower 
There is a rumour that Kalaiyarasan fandom now occupies Indian Cement Company Ground 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alapakkam. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Kaligambal mess who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijayalakshmi 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust devil. everything is just dim and shapeless 
A woman from Madhavaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Saraswathi Mahal Library. helped them man to their feet  
Fans of Nazriya Nazim kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. living memories of closed ones 
Arrived at Thalapakatti. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Met fans of Kreshna. filled with supposedly infallible memories 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
Drove around Ramavaram listening to Kalyani songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
camped at Raj Bhavan and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rambha. we briefly discussed about old times. accurate and retentive memories 
Found a deserted supermarket in Peravallur. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who adorn with tattoos piercings mukkal drousers and royal enfield 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Wolves of Otteri are out in full force 
Travelling with girlfriend to Santhome. We stayed off the road as we hear Vadivel Syndicate are out in full force 
A man from Melur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sameera Reddy 
Fans of Devayani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and accurate memories 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing வரலாம் வரலாம் வா. handed them some choclates 
Vijay fandom now wander the wasteland of Tambaram. They seek of rivets 
Westin is full of Doomsday Skelotons. Maybe should go take a look 
I want to visit Madurai and Kuppanatham Dam someday 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. they think we are not real 
Aishwarya Rai fan club have taken over Government Estate 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pattabiram the weather is almost unbearable, Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Raided Kamaraj Memorial House with Vadivel Syndicate. We found Kaaramani puli kozhambu and Metal Pole. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Khasa khasa paayasam 
Dharmapuri doomsday cult now wander the wasteland of Valasaravakkam in search of Preetha Vijayakumar bobble heads 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஆகாயம் பூக்கள் விற்க playing in distance. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nandanam. trekked on till almost dark 
passed through building in Valasaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. they are scared 
Crossed a field  and found A burned house. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
I considered eating Dindugal Biriyani. desperate time desperate measures 
What woke me up today was the sound of மேகம் தான் இதில் மழையே playing in distance. had a bad dream 
Raided Thendral Valaagam with Sethupathy sydnicate. We found Urulai podimaas and Milk Bottle. I advised them to ration their foods 
Andrea Jeremiah fandom now wander the wasteland of Mugalivakkam. They seek Penknife 
a begging old lady from Maduravoyal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and I passed MTC bus stop and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. Maybe should go take a look 
Devi Sri Prasad fandom now wander the wasteland of Santhome. They seek cardboard box that contains dozens of human thumbs 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in St.Thomas Mount. we have never been here before 
Raided Leela palace with TNSTC fanatics. We found Peerkangaai paal kozhambu and Toy Airplane. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger from Thiruthangal A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Poorna 
camped at MGM dizee world and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam now wander the wasteland of George Town in search of Harish Kalyan bobble heads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
There is a rumour that Sai Dhanshika fandom now occupies Servalar dam 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Monaco. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chennai Bypass there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Ran out of Bonesaw. Time to join Mani saar Marumalarchi kazhagam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Met fans of Shruti Haasan	. we cooked and dined on Ammini appam 
camped at Fishermens cove and had Kingfisher. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Kanchipuram. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a McDonalds outlet at Valasaravakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Fishermens cove is full of Dioxin wastes. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Treehouse 
A boy from Velampalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Varaha Cave Temple. handed them a cane 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Kazhipattur. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who rescue hurt people from battlefields and radicalize them as a savages 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
Passed through nasty lake and came upon a garden shed. rummaged through the outsides 
Nagma fandom now wander the wasteland of Tiruverkadu. They seek grenade 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At a dry lake we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Fans of Shruti Haasan	 kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. poignant and pungent memories 
Vidharth fandom now wander the wasteland of Puzhal. They seek Chemical Hot Plate 
At the edge of T. Nagar we sat in the Chinna yana to rest. I look really skinny 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Romania. They left today morning and I am lonely. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Kuralagam Buildings who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
I considered eating Urundai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Sadha. we cooked and dined on Iraal masala 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj M80. took a ride around Kottur listening to Vengai songs  
In a river  we found a Jar of Preserved Eyes (1d12) in a scary graveyard 
Visited Alandur. walked the littered streets carefully 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Heineken. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Engayum Eppothum (remix) 
Ran out of 32 ounce Styrofoam cup filled with flat soda. Time to join Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
I considered eating Lemon rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Lakshmi Menon. we cooked and dined on Vazhai pazha paayasam 
spotted hostile members of Dhoni vizhudhugal near Express avenue. girlfriend asked me to hold Shower Head and readied her depth charge 
Found a scary woods in Puthagaram. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who want to re-establish the RCB franchise 
A scavenger from Thoothukudi a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kulithalai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ajith Kumar. wished them luck 
I want to visit Valasaravakkam and Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram someday 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to மதராசி தோஸ்த் நீ. wished them luck 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Tiruvannamalai. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Dinesh 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Pallikaranai listening to Naan Yen Pirandhen songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perambur. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I want to visit Gudalur and VOC Park Stadium someday 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Manapakkam. we have never been here before 
At a flyover we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
A young boy with a good voice from Kulithalai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Monal Naval. they are scared 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. feeling half faint and tired 
Raided Mambalam Thanjavur mess with SBOA fanatics. We found Pavakkaai puli kozhambu and Tribal Fetish. I advised them to ration their foods 
I considered eating Ennai kathrikkaai masala. desperate time desperate measures 
A boy from Mayiladuthurai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karuppanadhi Dam. they are scared 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Agathi keerai poriyal 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Gobichettipalayam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Gass Forest Museum and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A scavenger told me he beleives Manthra lives in Kamaraj Sagar Dam 
At a a barn we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kodambakkam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Bindu Madhavi. we briefly discussed about old times. oldest other memories 
Kalaiyarasan fan club have taken over Injambakkam 
In flyover we found a army helmet in a a roadside garage 
Sanghavi fan club have taken over Kilpauk 
camped at High court building and had Tuborg. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met a a poor young boy singing சஹானா சாரல். that is definitely a bait 
when I find spear I will go visit Papanasam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Crossed a a river  and found desolate barn. walked the littered streets carefully 
Crossed a crossroads and found half burnt neighbourhood. . made a dry camp in a woodlot 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Peravallur. we have never been here before 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Whiplash DVD 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Parvathy 
Drove around T. Nagar listening to Mahakavi Kalidas songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of A. R. Rahman 
Crossed a junction and found scary woods. It was getting dark fast 
Drove around Peravallur listening to Sevarkodi songs. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Town Like Alice 
Found a scary woods in Tirusulam. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who want to re-establish the Mumbai Indians franchise 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to லவ்வுனா லவ்வு. that is definitely a bait 
Visited Madipakkam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Senai chops 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Chrompet. we have never been here before 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Ritika Singh 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to பாடும்போது நான். helped them man to their feet  
Arrived at Ampa skywalk. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Minjur. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Namitha 
Park Hyatt is full of Doomsday Skelotons. walked up to find any tracks 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Peravallur. hiked back down to the highway 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mano 
mind was filled with distinct and wondrous memories. cold daylight fell through  
We arrived at the outskirts of Otteri the weather is almost unbearable, air is growing thin each passing day 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ganesh Venkatraman 
Marina Treat Sea is full of Toxic smog. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
sitting patiently at outskirts of China Bazaar Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
High court building is full of Volcanic lava. Maybe should go take a look 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Revisited 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sivakarthikeyan 
Feeling sad. feeling half faint and tired 
weird looking bearded man from Thiruvannamalai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Asin. that is definitely a bait 
There is a rumour that Reema Sen fandom now occupies Varaha Cave Temple 
Met a A man begging for food singing குறுக்கு வழியில் வாழ்வு. Id give them half of my food 
Met fans of Rakul Preet Singh. filled with unforgettable memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijay Antony. we briefly discussed about old times. striking and visual memories 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MG Hector 
Lost track of what day it is. If only my heart were stone 
A young boy with a good voice from Ariyalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of Red Cardu playing in distance. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I was near N V Natarajan Maaligai but couldnt see it due to Acidic Mammatus Clouds 
At a metro station I made a dry camp in a woodlot 
At the edge of Peerkankaranai we sat in the Porsche Panamera Hatchback to rest. I look really skinny 
At a muddy road I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. no sign of life around 
mind was filled with immortal times. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
What woke me up today was the sound of அன்பே உன்னால் மனம் playing in distance. shaking uncontrollably 
Fans of Sanghavi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague perplexing memories 
Ran out of dead man sandwiched between the ground and a door off its hinges. Time to join The Devotee of Dhanush 
raided Marine Beach Road in search of Markers. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
passed through building in Selaiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Verithanam Vimal cult 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata ACE 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I considered eating Muttaikos Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a An old doghouse. entered from on the far side 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Amala Paul. we briefly discussed about old times. maddeningly nebulous memories 
Prakash Raj fandom now wander the wasteland of Rajiv Gandhi Salai. They seek Kitchen Pot 
At the edge of Wallajah Road we sat in the Bajaj Dominar 400 to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Raided Westin with Vetrimaran veriyans. We found Pattani kuzhambu and Brocken Wall Clock. I advised them to ration their foods 
when I find antitank weapon I will go visit Padmanabhapuram Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Fish Biriyani 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
a dying old lady from Maduranthakam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Shruti Haasan	. Told I wont hurt them. 
weird looking bearded man from Madurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prashanth. that is definitely a bait 
Travelling with girlfriend to Injambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of SA Rajkumar are out in full force 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Nauru. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Madhumitha. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
Visited United India Colony. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I was near Ethiraj college but couldnt see it due to Toxic Blizzard 
We arrived at the outskirts of T. Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mannady there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship kattadhurai 
At a muddy road we A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Genelia D'Souza fan club have taken over Pudupet 
A scavenger from Veerappanchatram hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Vikram fan club have taken over K.K. Nagar 
It took two days to cross T. Nagar. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
A scavenger from Kuniyamuthur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
There is a rumour that Aari fandom now occupies Orathuppalayam Dam 
when I find Vulcan automatic cannon I will go visit Mandagapattu Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pammal 
Burma bazzar is full of Toxic Spent solvent wastes. decided to camped there 
Passed through round about and came upon a a stone wall. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Raided Ampa skywalk with Sect of Anna university affliated alumni. We found Avarakkai poriyal and Toaster. I advised them to ration their foods 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for GTA Vice city CD 
Ampa skywalk is full of Aeroplane debris. There were signs in hippy language 
spotted hostile members of Dharmapuri doomsday cult near Napiers bridge. girlfriend asked me to hold Gambling Dice Set (Weighted) and readied her assault rifle 
KFC is full of Volcanic lava. walked up to find any tracks 
At the edge of Saligramam we sat in the Skoda Superb L&K to rest. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hoegaarden. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
camped at NPKRR Maaligai and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
weird looking bearded man from Kallakurichi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anandhi. wished them better things 
Visited Wallajah Road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Oodha Colour Ribbon 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Devi theatre who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thirumullaivoyal the weather is almost unbearable, ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Birla Planetorium who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. They left today morning and I am lonely. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met a a begging old lady singing நினைத்து நினைத்து பார்த்தேன். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Met an old scavenger at a stone wall near Madras war cementary who told me he had no memory of when Hiphop tamizha made his biopic as his debut film 
Sadha fan club have taken over Ritchie Street 
At a a river  we hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of Pocket Watch. Time to join Brotherhood of Santhome 
I was near Napiers bridge but couldnt see it due to Acidic rain 
weird looking bearded man from Dindigul told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
New Teynampet Cooperative cult now wander the wasteland of Virugambakkam in search of Varalaxmi Sarathkumar bobble heads 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank McDowell. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Napoleon 
In a barn we found a skull in a garden shed 
A scavenger from Palladam A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. trekked on till almost dark 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to உன் காதல் இருந்தால் போதும். handed them a cane 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Porur. we have never been here before 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
There is a rumour that Mammootty fandom now occupies Agaya Gangai 
passed through building in IIT Madras that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by G. V. Prakash Kumar fandom 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
Camped at a scary woods in Manapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I considered eating Kozhi pachai curry. desperate time desperate measures 
At a highway we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ennore there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to re-establish the chennai super kings franchise 
Arrived at NPKRR Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Visited Raj Bhavan. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met fans of Vikram Prabhu. we cooked and dined on Senai chops 
Tamukkam Palace is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Iraal milagu varuval 
ARR Fanatics now wander the wasteland of Ritchie Street in search of Devi Sri Prasad bobble heads 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Mauritania. They left today morning and I am lonely. shaking uncontrollably 
Vattakottai Fort is filled with Overflow of Wood preserving wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Se7en DVD 
Ran out of small hangar. Time to join Pure blood poraligal 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Alandur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kamal Haasan 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned dumpyard in Nesapakkam. we have never been here before 
What woke me up today was the sound of என் நெஞ்சில் ஒரு பூ பூத்ததன் playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
Met a Actor who claimed he knew the location of Raai Laxmi 
In crossroads we found a Pillow in a abandoned dumpyard 
Crossed a a barn and found half burnt neighbourhood. . slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Basin bridge who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met fans of Vedhika. filled with distant and fond memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhoo 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
The Last of lemurians now wander the wasteland of Manali in search of Vedhika bobble heads 
Arrived at Pallavan House. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Met fans of Ganesh Venkatraman. we cooked and dined on Appam 
At the edge of Shenoy Nagar we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mount-Poonamallee Road 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to எங்கிருப்பானோ அந்த தமிழ்மாறன். wished them luck 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Inner Ring Road. we have never been here before 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a scary graveyard. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is a rumour that Piaa Bajpai fandom now occupies Aliyar Reservoir 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Kozhi milagu varuval 
I considered eating Potato tomato and carrot sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
Fans of Nikki Galrani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. embarrassingly odd memories 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. they think we are not real 
I considered eating Thalapakkatti chicken biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாடியம்மா ஜக்கம்மா playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Pudupet. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who search out a cult known as the Mani saar fans 
There is a rumour that Abbas fandom now occupies Suruli Falls 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. helped them man to their feet  
hurt old man from Maduravoyal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Srushti Dange. we cooked and dined on Mutton milagu varuval 
Raided N V Natarajan Maaligai with Kovilpatti Coalition. We found Pongal and Picture of a Nuclear Blast. I advised them to ration their foods 
Travelling with girlfriend to Madhavaram Milk Colony. We stayed off the road as we hear Scion of SA Rajkumar are out in full force 
Crossed a muddy road and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . hiked back down to the highway 
Camped at a garden shed in Tambaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Armenia. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
At the edge of Pudupet we sat in the Xylo to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj avenger 
At a junction we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At the edge of Aminjikarai we sat in the Skoda Octavia Hatchback to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Sathiyama Ne enaku thevaiye illa 
At the edge of Mudichur we sat in the Maruti Suzuki to rest. If only my heart were stone 
Drove around Sembakkam listening to Azhagi songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Padi. we have never been here before 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vadai 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Porur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Bigil 
Drove around Ashok Nagar listening to Aayiram Jenmangal songs. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Drove around Pudupet listening to Guru Sishyan songs. hiked back down to the highway 
Passed through train station and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met a a dying old lady singing புஞ்சை உண்டு. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met fans of Nazriya Nazim. filled with faint  memories 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam High Road in search of Mano bobble heads 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Suvaluxmi. we briefly discussed about old times. a memory like a sieve 
Crossed a empty pond and found An old doghouse. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Tamukkam Palace is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
A scavenger told me he beleives Priya Anand lives in Manjalar Dam 
Priyamani fan club have taken over Nanmangalam 
Met a Labourer who claimed he knew the location of Meera Jasmine 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Amy Jackson 
Met a a begging old lady singing இன்னும் என்ன அழகே. they are scared 
passed through building in Kottur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Droplets 
Anuya Bhagvath fan club have taken over Mylapore 
Crossed a dry lake and found old batboard smokehouse. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
when I find Greek fire I will go visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Royapuram in search of Taapsee Pannu bobble heads 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Prakash Raj 
Visited Palavakkam. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
What woke me up today was the sound of சாமிகிட்ட சொல்லிப்புட்டன் playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nanganallur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
Arrived at Radisson blu. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Crossed a junction and found godown covered with ash and dust. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pavakkaai puli kozhambu 
Arrived at Anna nagar tower park. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a MINI. took a ride around Adyar listening to Ninaithen Vandhai songs  
Mulberry star Burma Atho shop is full of Washed over deadbodies. looks stripped and plundered  
hurt old man from Koothanallur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
I want to visit Thanjavur and Mayajaal someday 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a An old doghouse. entered from on the far side 
Visited ICF. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Raided T nagar AGS with Old Ruins Federation. We found No Onion No garlic Carrot Sambar and Burned Globe. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a hurt old man singing மொழ மொழன்னு. they think we are not real 
The Reincarnated Ramnad order now wander the wasteland of Mannady in search of Srushti Dange bobble heads 
a begging old lady from Maduravoyal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Fans of Bobby Simha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unusually retentive memories 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from San Marino. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I considered eating Muttaikos Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vineeth action figures 
Girlfriend and I passed a barn and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . looks stripped and plundered  
Gemini bridge is full of Polluted water. sat there and ate leftovers 
What woke me up today was the sound of ரம்பம்பம் ஆரம்பம் playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
spotted hostile members of Peoples Temple near Murugan Idli kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold Jump Starting Cables and readied her quarterstaff 
Arrived at Chettinad palace. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
What woke me up today was the sound of சண்டி குதுர playing in distance. It is better to be alone 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Lexus LS 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Open the Bottle 
We arrived at the outskirts of Mount Road the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Heera Rajgopal fan club have taken over Koyambedu 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Manali New Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Crossed a train station and found a small hill. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Crossed a empty pond and found deserted supermarket. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
passed through building in Sholavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sangeetha fandom 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Thiruvanmiyur. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them better things 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Brinjal Sambar 
M. A. Chidambaram Stadium is filled with Sand dust according to a survivor I met today 
A man begging for food from Nagapattinam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kausalya. handed them some choclates 
At the edge of Ramavaram we sat in the Yamaha FZ-S FI to rest. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nanganallur. We stayed off the road as we hear Chosen Ones of Anna nagars are out in full force 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nikki Galrani 
A scavenger told me he beleives Soundarya lives in Monkey Falls 
Disciples of Rajnikanth now wander the wasteland of Valasaravakkam in search of Kiran Rathod bobble heads 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from South Sudan. They left today morning and I am lonely. I look really skinny 
when I find assault rifle I will go visit Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a a stone wall in Perambur. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who recruits members for their motorcycle gang and travel tamil nadu looking for a good time 
Arrived at Semmozhi poonga. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sivaranjani 
Met fans of Napoleon. we cooked and dined on Chicken Biryani 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
mind was filled with faint  memories. feeling half faint and tired 
There is a rumour that Vijayalakshmi fandom now occupies Narasimhaswamy 
I want to visit Tambaram and Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple someday 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ladiesfinger sambar 
Vikram Prabhu fandom now wander the wasteland of Mangadu. They seek leather jacket that has a cannonball size hole in the back 
Arrived at Ganga Chats. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Met a Technician who claimed he knew the location of Priyamani 
At a poisonous lake I spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Poonam Bajwa 
A scavenger from Kadayanallur  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tiruverkadu. hiked back down to the highway 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Tiruvallikeni. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Drove around Chennai city listening to Thambi Vettothi Sundaram songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Feeling sad. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is a rumour that Jayaram fandom now occupies Solaiyar Dam 
Found a a roadside garage in Nungambakkam High Road. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
 hurt old lady from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Jayaram lives in Tamukkam Ground 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near MGR Memorial who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pozhichalur 
passed through building in Royapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devayani fandom 
passed through building in Rajiv Gandhi Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bindu Madhavi fandom 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Remya Nambeesan action figures 
I considered eating Mundhiri Kothu. desperate time desperate measures 
Raided Nepiar bridge with The badass cult of Bodinayakanur. We found Chow chow poriyal and Comic Book. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Mela Eri varom 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Johnnie Walker Gold Label Reserve. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Sneha 
Feeling sad. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sukanya. we briefly discussed about old times. cruelest and bitterest memories 
Arrived at Keshav Chaat House. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Karan 
Found a McDonalds outlet at K.K. Nagar. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Panchapandava Cave Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a Waiting staff who claimed he knew the location of Vijay 
Found a scary graveyard in Park Town. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who recite poems written by Snehan 
passed through building in Mannady that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sameera Reddy fandom 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Choolaimedu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive debate a religious schism over whether the Ilayaraja or Samuthrakani is the true messiah 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Travelling with girlfriend to Puzhal. We stayed off the road as we hear Oracles of Salem are out in full force 
spotted hostile members of Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda near Chettinad palace. girlfriend asked me to hold Notepad and readied her sword 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. handed them a cane 
I want to visit Puzhuthivakkam and Solaiyar Dam someday 
There is a rumour that Monal Naval fandom now occupies Amir Mahal 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai thokku 
Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai now wander the wasteland of Central Square in search of Andrea Jeremiah bobble heads 
Ran out of Small Energy Cell. Time to join Coimbatore Confiderates 
Met fans of Karan. filled with back wistful memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Peters Road. We stayed off the road as we hear ARR Fanatics are out in full force 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Erode. walked the littered streets carefully 
A woman from Mayiladuthurai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kiliyur Falls. could be a decoy 
Raided Marina Treat Sea with Vetrimaran veriyans. We found Ambur chicken biryani and Tattered Scarf. I advised them to ration their foods 
The Droplets now wander the wasteland of Nesapakkam in search of Vijay Sethupathi bobble heads 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Puliyodarai 
Crossed a round about and found An old doghouse. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sivakarthikeyan action figures 
A girl from Kangeyam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Perumpallam Dam. Told I wont hurt them. 
Passed through train station and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Bahamas. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A woman from Virudhachalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karuppanadhi Dam. they think we are not real 
Arrived at Connemara Public Library. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
The Fernhills Palace, Ooty is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Feeling sad. I live like an animal 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Arrived at Kannagi statue. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Meen maanga curry 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to அடியே கொல்லுதே. could be a decoy 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. they think we are not real 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . Maybe should go take a look 
a begging old lady from Tiruppathur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prabhu Deva. handed them a cane 
Met fans of Radhika Apte. filled with back unwelcome memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Besant Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search out a cult known as the Mani saar fans 
passed through building in Cenotaph Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Madhumitha fandom 
Ran out of bloody corpse with all the organs removed from it. Time to join Disciples of Baradwaj rangan 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sura puttu 
I want to visit Erode and Olakkannesvara Temple someday 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Jyothika 
A boy from Palani told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Vaideki Falls. let me just mind my buisness 
Met fans of Dinesh. filled with back terrifying memories 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for ink pen 
A girl from Ramanathapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Perumpallam Dam. helped them man to their feet  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Meera Jasmine 
mind was filled with distinct and wondrous memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A woman from Vedaranyam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kutladampatti Falls. wished them luck 
Drove around Wall Tax Road listening to Rettai Vaal Kuruvi songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. let me just mind my buisness 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Vidharth fan club have taken over Mount Road 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Id give them half of my food 
We arrived at the outskirts of K.K. Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Roja 
Raided Panagal building with Myskkin Brotherhood. We found Muttai milagu varuval and Human Ear. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. handed them some choclates 
It took two days to cross Pallavaram. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Visited Moulivakkam. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Nolambur in search of Vaibhav bobble heads 
What woke me up today was the sound of காதல் என் காதல் playing in distance. If only my heart were stone 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a scary woods. passed through the site 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Wall Tax Road in search of Sanghavi bobble heads 
camped at MGR Memorial and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. If only my heart were stone 
A woman from Thirupparankundram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore. wished them luck 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Kallakurichi. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Pranitha. we briefly discussed about old times. naturally retentive memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Cricket ball 
At a highway I slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Visited Kattivakkam. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
Met fans of Laila. we cooked and dined on Kozhi milagu masala 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing நெஞ்சுக்குழிக்குள். helped them man to their feet  
camped at Eliots beach and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Washermanpet. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near crocodile bank who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to அத்துவான காட்டுக்கு. handed them some choclates 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anju Aravind 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Kattupakkam. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vijayalakshmi lives in Draupadi Ratha 
I want to visit Melur and Mahishasuramardini Mandapa someday 
Ran out of of aviator sunglasses. Time to join The Deviants 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Velachery there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Bigil 
a begging old lady from Ariyalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Abirami mall is full of Washed over deadbodies. could hear a slack drip of water 
raided Fort St. George (India) in search of Seven Samurai DVD. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A boy from Pammal told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kalingarayan Anicut. wished them luck 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TNSTC Bus. took a ride around Rajaji Salai, Chennai listening to Galatta Kalyanam songs  
In muddy road we found a Burned Globe in a a roadside garage 
I was near Kuralagam Buildings but couldnt see it due to Fire Rainbows 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Chinnakallar Falls someday 
It took two days to cross Mount Road. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Attangudi Palace is filled with Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Inner Ring Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda 
Ran out of pack of unopened Baseball cards. Time to join Oracles of Roman reigns 
Met fans of Vikram Prabhu. we cooked and dined on Keerai Thandu Sambar 
There is a rumour that Mohini fandom now occupies Fort Vijf Sinnen 
Raided Music Academy with Brotherhood of Santhome. We found Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu and Broken Holotape. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Trisha 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Smores Crunch Cereal 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Koyambedu. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kreshna 
A scavenger from Kathivakkam a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Sitting back to back and watching the train station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chrompet 
Drove around Valasaravakkam listening to Rangeela songs. hiked back down to the highway 
At a a barn we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Camped at a An old doghouse in Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
MGR Race Course Stadium is filled with Toxic Spent solvent wastes according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with blurred memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Thiruneermalai. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A woman from Attur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Poigai Dam. Id give them half of my food 
At a dry lake I noticed cat followed me for three days 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Sothuparai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
 hurt old lady from Kovilpatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Drove around Ritchie Street listening to Arangetram songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாசம் இன்றி உயிரை playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Chennai city in search of Athulya Ravi bobble heads 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A man from Nallur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Draupadi Ratha. they think we are not real 
camped at Phoenix mall and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
camped at Subway and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. I dont understand how I am still alive 
A scavenger from Kasipalayam  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing செங்காடே சிறுகரடே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
spotted hostile members of The sivakasi legion near Anna nagar roundtana. girlfriend asked me to hold Lunchbox and readied her repeating rifle 
Ran out of Saxophone. Time to join SRM boyzz 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
 hurt old lady from Goundampalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Egmore 
Crossed a a river  and found aluminum houses. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Raided Chettinad palace with Wolves of Otteri. We found Ulli theeyal and Cash Register Drawer. I advised them to ration their foods 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to மதுர வீரன் சாமி சாமி. handed them a cane 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
when I find depth charge I will go visit Ayyanar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Arrived at a metro station. Danced to Karuthavanlaam Galeejaam 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
In poisonous lake we found a Pitcher in a abandoned roadworks site 
Met fans of Karikalan. filled with standard and average memories 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Mudichur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Ran out of Bag of Computer Keys 2d20. Time to join Oracles of Roman reigns 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Sathyamangalam. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
At a dry lake we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Clockwork Orange (Anthony Burgess) 
I want to visit Kangeyam and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) someday 
Crossed a a river  and found deserted supermarket. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Oodha Colour Ribbon 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
Met fans of Nayanthara. we cooked and dined on Paanakam 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Thanjavur. woke in the cold dark coughing 
when I find dagger I will go visit Gomukhinadhi Reservoir and see for myself if the rumours are true 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vanagaram the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in MGR Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
Ran out of Cloth Tape Measure. Time to join PSBB Alumni 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, everything is just dim and shapeless 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Eritrea. They left today morning and I am lonely. I live like an animal 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Ramanathapuram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ajmal Ameer. Told I wont hurt them. 
Fans of Sivakarthikeyan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. maddeningly nebulous memories 
Ajmal Ameer fan club have taken over Red Hills 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Shine. took a ride around Nungambakkam listening to Purampokku songs  
There is a rumour that Kasthuri fandom now occupies Shanmuganathi Dam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
Arrived at Eliots beach. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Royapuram. we have never been here before 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Peravallur. we have never been here before 
passed through building in K.K. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sasikumar fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
What woke me up today was the sound of வெல்வட்டா வெல்வட்டா playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Solaiyar Dam is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
We arrived at the outskirts of Puthagaram the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vidharth 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nivetha Pethuraj 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Zambia. They left today morning and I am lonely. cold daylight fell through  
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
Crossed a field  and found An old doghouse. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Raided Express avenue with New Prophet League. We found Mutton korma in thick coconut gravy and Cardiovascular Medication. I advised them to ration their foods 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
passed through building in Sembakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sandhya fandom 
At a crossroads I made a last tour of the place 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Manoj Bharathiraja. we briefly discussed about old times. catchy memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Palavakkam. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Drove around Nandanam listening to Singham 3 songs. walked the littered streets carefully 
Tabu fandom now wander the wasteland of Peravallur. They seek Golf Club 
At a dried up liver I It was getting dark fast 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Human Remains in a old batboard smokehouse 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Dulquer Salmaan. we briefly discussed about old times. vague and horrifying memories 
Met fans of Atharvaa. we cooked and dined on Vatha kozhambu 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Alsa mall who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Shenoy Nagar. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
mind was filled with vague perplexing memories. barren, silent and merciless 
raided Dosart in search of board powder. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Fans of Aishwarya Rai kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. random-access memories 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
A boy from Kumbakonam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Erumbeeswarar Temple. they think we are not real 
At a dried up liver I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
What woke me up today was the sound of அரும்பும் தலிரே playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
Feeling sad. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Passed through barren land and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . sat there and ate leftovers 
Cult of the Pudhupettai now wander the wasteland of Maduravoyal in search of Poorna bobble heads 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Fish briyani 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. let me just mind my buisness 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Pollachi. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression. took a ride around Nungambakkam High Road listening to Darling (2015) songs  
I want to visit Usilampatti and VOC Park Stadium someday 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raided Poomalai Commercial Complex with Order of Marina. We found Meen karutha curry and Box of Matches. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a  hurt old lady singing ஓடி விளையாடு. helped them man to their feet  
Travelling with girlfriend to Alandur. We stayed off the road as we hear Brotherhood of Santhome are out in full force 
passed through building in Poonamallee that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion of Mogappair 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. wished them luck 
A woman from Tirunelveli told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Solaiyar Dam. let me just mind my buisness 
mind was filled with distasteful miserable memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
I considered eating Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Adiyei manam nillunaa nikkadhadi 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki 
There is a rumour that Anirudh Ravichander fandom now occupies Coimbatore Golf Club 
hurt old man from Tirunelveli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sasikumar. handed them a cane 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pallikaranai. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. Told I wont hurt them. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. they are scared 
Met a a begging old lady singing நெஞ்சம் ஒரு முறை. wished them better things 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Saidapet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocates of something called democracy 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Botswana. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for Denims 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for Camlin water color tubes 
At a the highest ground I noticed dog followed us for two days 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Raj Bhavan 
mind was filled with random-access memories. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Crossed a a barn and found deserted supermarket. walked the littered streets carefully 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pattabiram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing Fy Fy கலாச்சிஃபை. Told I wont hurt them. 
At the edge of Padi we sat in the Chinna yana to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
a poor young boy from Gudalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vidharth. wished them luck 
Met fans of Sasikumar. we cooked and dined on Payaru thovaran 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tharamani the weather is almost unbearable, should just curse god and stop existing 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. could hear a slack drip of water 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Nungambakkam. we have never been here before 
The Blessed now wander the wasteland of Peravallur in search of Vijay bobble heads 
Met a a begging old lady singing மெதுவா மெதுவா. they are scared 
Met a Teacher who claimed he knew the location of Gopika 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallikaranai 
A scavenger told me he beleives Chandini Tamilarasan lives in Kamaraj Sagar Dam 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Tirupur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sadha. let me just mind my buisness 
Met a A man begging for food singing உலகினில் மிக உயரம். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to Raja Vai song 
A young boy with a good voice from Jolarpet told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Ran out of food can. Time to join Samudhrakani worshippers 
Feeling sad. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Arulnithi. we briefly discussed about old times. distinct and wondrous memories 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Tiruvottiyur. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
weird looking bearded man from Gudalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
passed through building in K.K. Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Faction of the Fort St George 
Arrived at Poomalai Commercial Complex. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
passed through building in Mint Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tribe of Tharamani 
Girlfriend and I passed crossroads and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. Maybe should go take a look 
A scavenger from Krishnagiri weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Met a hurt old man singing ஆடலுடன் பாடலை. they are scared 
Mumtaz fan club have taken over Kodambakkam 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Id give them half of my food 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for blue lays 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
It took two days to cross Adambakkam. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Express avenue is full of Sand Dunes. rummaged through the outsides 
mind was filled with remote warm memories. I look really skinny 
passed through building in Vyasarpadi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
I was near Theosophical society but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to பிள்ளை நிலா இரண்டும். could be a decoy 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kalkandu pongal 
Met a  hurt old lady singing ஒரு சந்தண காட்டுக்குள்ளே. handed them some choclates 
hurt old man from Tirupur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Harish Kalyan. handed them some choclates 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a a stone wall. passed through the site 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Raided Madras war cementary with Vetrimaran veriyans. We found Nei appam and Broken Gun Barrel. I advised them to ration their foods 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kasthuri 
Travelling with girlfriend to Guindy. We stayed off the road as we hear Sid Sriram Mutants are out in full force 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
passed through building in Ashok Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Hermits of Pallavaram 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Radhika Apte 
passed through building in Gopalapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Roja fandom 
passed through building in Kundrathur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mohanlal fandom 
a dying old lady from Kanyakumari asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijayalakshmi. handed them some choclates 
Nepiar bridge is full of nuclear waste. There are no tracks in the mud around 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A scavenger told me he beleives Trisha lives in Government Museum, Erode 
Raided DPI Complex with Mutant Mambalam Republic. We found Beetroot poriyal and Farmers Almanac 2077. I advised them to ration their foods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Shruti Haasan	 fan club have taken over Poonamallee 
Kannagi statue is full of unexploded landmines. sat on the embankment and waited	 
passed through building in Manapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mumtaz fandom 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near Police headquarters building who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
A scavenger from Dindigul hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
In a barn we found a WWI bucket helmet with two bullet holes in it in a aluminum houses 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Paandi naattu kodiyin mela 
It took two days to cross Santhome. everything is just dim and shapeless 
I want to visit Mannargudi and Government Museum, Erode someday 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Srushti Dange fandom 
Visited Annanur. hiked back down to the highway 
a dying old lady from Hosur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Meena. wished them luck 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
spotted hostile members of Nungambakkam overlords near George town. girlfriend asked me to hold Dustpan and readied her German 88 
In dried up liver we found a Door Knob in a godown covered with ash and dust 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Arrived at a field . Danced to Naaka Mukka 
Raided Karl schmidt memorial with Samudhrakani worshippers. We found Thalaseery Biriyani and Jeans (stonewashed). I advised them to ration their foods 
A girl from Thiruthangal told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Government Museum, Erode. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met fans of Sangita. we cooked and dined on Kalkandu pongal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sneha lives in Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore 
Met fans of Vishnu Vishal. we cooked and dined on Drumstick Sambar  
Vattaparai Falls is filled with Toxic fog according to a survivor I met today 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Kyrgyzstan. They left today morning and I am lonely. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Romeo aattam pottal 
At a highway I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Crossed a empty pond and found abandoned dumpyard. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Travelling with girlfriend to United India Colony. We stayed off the road as we hear ARR Fanatics are out in full force 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Ambur. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Adambakkam 
I considered eating Chicken Biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kaaramani poriyal 
Met fans of Rambha. filled with profane and poetical memories 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a scary woods. sat there and ate leftovers 
Met a  hurt old lady singing தேனீரில் சிநேகிதம். helped them man to their feet  
Met a A man begging for food singing நான் தங்க ரோஜா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Rameswaram. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
There is a rumour that Chandini Tamilarasan fandom now occupies Tamukkam Palace 
camped at Vaishnavi Idli Kadai and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
Arrived at Express avenue. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Vadapalani. we have never been here before 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Gayathrie 
A boy from Kathivakkam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Bhavanisagar dam. Id give them half of my food 
mind was filled with off by heart memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
Travelling with girlfriend to Keelkattalai. We stayed off the road as we hear Tribe of Tharamani are out in full force 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Athulya Ravi. we briefly discussed about old times. oldest other memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bajaj V. took a ride around Ayanavaram listening to Thaanaa Serndha Koottam songs  
camped at Eliots beach and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. It is better to be alone 
In field  we found a Broken Stealth Boy in a deserted supermarket 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v. took a ride around Tirusulam listening to Charulatha songs  
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at St.Thomas Mount 
Raided Vivekanadar illam with Vetrimaran veriyans. We found Seedai and Pencil. I advised them to ration their foods 
Fans of Anjali kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unerring official memories 
Shalini fandom now wander the wasteland of Pattaravakkam. They seek Wheel Chair Arm 
At a a barn I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Inner Ring Road 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anushka Shetty lives in Dharmaraja Ratha 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Manimuthar Dam is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
hurt old man from Ariyalur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time 
In dirt road we found a Forceps in a a roadside garage 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
camped at Thalamuthu Natarajan Building and had Dreher. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
mind was filled with retentive and accurate memories. everything is just dim and shapeless 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Cuisine 
I was near Kalashetra but couldnt see it due to Dust storm 
Found a a small hill in Perungalathur. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who kills anyone that doesnt agree Sura is the greatest movie of all time 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Tamannaah action figures 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rajashree 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nithya Menen 
A scavenger from Palladam A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Fans of Sonia Agarwal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. foggy  memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to George Town. We stayed off the road as we hear Order of Marina are out in full force 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. could be a decoy 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Poosani paruppu kootu 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
DPI Complex is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. could hear a slack drip of water 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Amy Jackson 
spotted hostile members of SVCE syndicate near crocodile bank. girlfriend asked me to hold Clamps and readied her antiaircraft gun 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a scary woods. could hear a slack drip of water 
Raided Westin with The Deviants. We found Vengaaya thalai poriyal and Mattress Spring. I advised them to ration their foods 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Women (Louisa May Alcott) 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Guindy. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Trisha 
Sitting back to back and watching the metro station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Vyasarpadi 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
It took two days to cross Vanagaram. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Arrived at Titanic Food Corner. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
At a poisonous lake we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Raided Connemara Public Library with Chosen Ones of Anna nagars. We found Muttai milagu varuval and Sleeve for Blood Pressure. I advised them to ration their foods 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Vallalar Nagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of George Town the weather is almost unbearable, Everything is gray as my heart 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Muttai milagu varuval 
Vetrimaran veriyans now wander the wasteland of Nanmangalam in search of Madhoo bobble heads 
passed through building in Jafferkhanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devi Sri Prasad fandom 
Drove around Mylapore listening to Nalla Neram songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Passed through field  and came upon a scary woods. decided to camped there 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Connemara public library who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
Girlfriend and I passed dried up liver and came upon a a roadside garage. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thayir Soru 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vatha kozhambu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW Series 8 M8. took a ride around Pallavaram listening to Indhu songs  
Sri Divya fan club have taken over West Mambalam 
There is a rumour that Tabu fandom now occupies Mettur Dam 
Arrived at Kalashetra. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chinna vengaayam poriyal 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ritika Singh 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Soundarya 
Raided High court building with Followers of the Tendulkar. We found Muttai korma and Dentures. I advised them to ration their foods 
At the edge of Perambur we sat in the Bentley Bentayga to rest. If only my heart were stone 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Aa mudhal akku thaana daa 
Fans of Meena kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. maddeningly nebulous memories 
I want to visit Ambur and Kutladampatti Falls someday 
Crossed a forest and found a stone wall. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Idli 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Guindy. we have never been here before 
I was near crocodile bank but couldnt see it due to Acidic whirlwind 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nazriya Nazim 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ரோஜா காடு சுடிதார். they think we are not real 
I was near Anna nagar starbucks but couldnt see it due to Heat wave 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at MGR Nagar 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Madras kozhi kozhambu 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz E-Class. took a ride around Thiruneermalai listening to Pachaikili Muthucharam songs  
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for milk bikies 
At a crossroads I noticed dog followed us for two days 
At the edge of West Mambalam we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 180 to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Raided Pallavaram yaa moihdeen with Cult of CEG. We found Fish briyani and Dog Collar. I advised them to ration their foods 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Kia Carnival Premium 
Kamaraj Sagar Dam is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Marina Treat Sea who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for lacto 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Iyyapanthangal. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
 hurt old lady from Tiruchirapalli asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kalaiyarasan. handed them some choclates 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Angola. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
mind was filled with uncommonly retentive memories. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A man from Padmanabhapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodiveri dam. let me just mind my buisness 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Hero Splendor Plus. took a ride around Sholavaram listening to Ingeyum Oru Gangai songs  
Met a Surveyor who claimed he knew the location of Vijay Antony 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to சாலக்காரா. let me just mind my buisness 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to தொட்டுவிடத் தொட்டுவிட. handed them a cane 
There is a rumour that Napoleon fandom now occupies Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium 
Monal Naval fandom now wander the wasteland of IIT Madras. They seek Clown Nose 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nanmangalam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Mice and Men 
Fans of Vedhika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back wistful memories 
Crossed a nasty lake and found abandoned dumpyard. everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Cenotaph Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anirudh Ravichander fandom 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Santhome there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of Biriyanis 
A girl from Colachel told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Rajarathinam Stadium. could be a decoy 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a deserted supermarket. passed through the site 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to ரங்கீலா ரங்கீலா. that is definitely a bait 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Pakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
spotted hostile members of Sect of Anna university affliated alumni near Anna nagar tower park. girlfriend asked me to hold Clown Mask and readied her MG42 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Burma. They left today morning and I am lonely. Motionless and precise 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
mind was filled with horrible unconscious memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Ran out of watch the face depicts a cartoonish mouse. Time to join Ex-IT exodus  
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Thalapakatti who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
In poisonous lake we found a lawnmower in a abandoned dumpyard 
Met a  hurt old lady singing அதிகாலையில் சேவலை. wished them luck 
Met fans of Regina Cassandra. filled with oldest other memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
At the edge of Pozhichalur we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to விளையாடா படகோட்டி. they think we are not real 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
Arrived at a crossroads. Danced to Galeejam 
Raided Anna nagar tower park with Paragons of Kamalhasan. We found Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu and squeezable water bottle with a taped on label that says Miscellaneous Body Fluids. I advised them to ration their foods 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu 
Passed through long hill and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Met a Actor who claimed he knew the location of Vijay 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Kadalai theeyal 
we sat by the side of the empty pond and ate the last of the Uthappam 
Mandagapattu Temple is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met a Cook who claimed he knew the location of Simran 
Crossed a nasty lake and found old batboard smokehouse. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
hurt old man from Gobichettipalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prathyusha. handed them some choclates 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary graveyard. We split up and searched for pallanguzhi 
Sandhya fan club have taken over Foreshore Estate 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Expectations 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Sivagangai. everything is just motionless and gray 
At the edge of Parrys Corner we sat in the Mercedes to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
What woke me up today was the sound of நெஞ்சத்திலே playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
There is a rumour that Kajal Aggarwal fandom now occupies The Fernhills Palace, Ooty 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
 hurt old lady from Namakkal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Soundarya. they are scared 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Maruti Suzuki 
There is a rumour that Anjali fandom now occupies Maritime Museum, Tranquebar 
raided Alwarpet Dakshin in search of American History X DVD. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Ran out of Manequin Head. Time to join Mount Road madmen 
Visited Mount-Poonamallee Road. It was getting dark fast 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Alandur. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
There is a rumour that Nivetha Pethuraj fandom now occupies Kalingarayan Anicut 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
mind was filled with naturally retentive memories. had a bad dream 
I considered eating Coffee. desperate time desperate measures 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Pavakkaai pitla 
Met fans of Asin. we cooked and dined on Mixed Vegetable Sambar 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Amala Paul action figures 
Raided Thalamuthu Natarajan Building with Divine Assent of Samudhrakani. We found Beetroot poriyal and beans. I advised them to ration their foods 
Arrived at Burma bazzar Atho Corner. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
raided DMS Compound in search of Before Christmas. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
passed through building in ICF that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Acid Nation 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Amy Jackson action figures 
camped at Alsa mall and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
There is a rumour that Suriya fandom now occupies Thalaiyar Falls 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near GRT grand who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
a poor young boy was dancing all alone to டோன்ட் கேர். handed them some choclates 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Raj Bhavan. we have never been here before 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
At a dried up liver I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
It took two days to cross Kattivakkam. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. helped them man to their feet  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ashok Selvan action figures 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
camped at Egmore station and had Officers Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Feeling sad. I live like an animal 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kovilambakkam 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hoegaarden. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
guindy national park is full of Wastewater sludges. Maybe should go take a look 
Chennai Police Commissionerate is full of Construction debris. sat there and ate leftovers 
Shruthi Ramakrishnan fan club have taken over ICF 
passed through building in Karapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kathir fandom 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sholavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Sholinganallur Syndicate are out in full force 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to நரி கதை. that is definitely a bait 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A scavenger told me he beleives Prakash Raj lives in Nakula Sahadeva Ratha 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Kathir 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to I am a Kuthu dancer 
Amjikarai Armageddons now wander the wasteland of Pattabiram in search of Kiran Rathod bobble heads 
A scavenger from Idappadi a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Mumtaz fandom now wander the wasteland of Teynampet. They seek Nest made of various stuffed animals and blankets 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hennessy. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Bindu Madhavi fandom now wander the wasteland of Rajiv Gandhi Salai. They seek Bag of Golf Tees 100 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. everything is just dim and shapeless 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Lakshmi Menon 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near LIC Building who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Raj Bhavan who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
Camped at a desolate barn in Thiruninravur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Nungambakkam overlords now wander the wasteland of Nanmangalam in search of Kreshna bobble heads 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression. took a ride around Ayanavaram listening to Naan Paadum Paadal songs  
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Iran. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
Arrived at CMWSSB Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
raided Basin bridge in search of The Good the Bad and the Ugly DVD. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
spotted hostile members of Paragons of Kamalhasan near Vaishnavi Idli Kadai. girlfriend asked me to hold gauges and readied her Panzerfaust 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Tiruchengode. noticed cat followed me for three days 
I was near Vandalur zoo but couldnt see it due to smog 
Girlfriend and I passed poisonous lake and came upon a scary graveyard. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for War and Peace 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
camped at Cholamandalam arts vilage and had Honey Bee. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
We arrived at the outskirts of Raj Bhavan the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
What woke me up today was the sound of எங்கே அவள் என்றே மனம் playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Raided Valluvar Kottam with Gifts of Mutation Syndicate  . We found Payaru thovaran and Opthalmoscope. I advised them to ration their foods 
I want to visit Veerappanchatram and Kamaraj Sagar Dam someday 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Sudan. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Laila fan club have taken over Pattaravakkam 
It took two days to cross Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. If only my heart were stone 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Budeweiser. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Diary (Something about Talking Plants) in a A burned house 
raided Chettinad palace in search of Dr Strangelove Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb DVD. woke in the cold dark coughing 
There is a rumour that Arvind Swamy fandom now occupies Gaur Vellaiyan Falls 
Visited Moolakadai. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mount Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Mysskin clan are out in full force 
spotted hostile members of SRM boyzz near CMDA Towers. girlfriend asked me to hold food can and readied her Maxim machine gun 
Feeling sad. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Visited Keelkattalai. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At a muddy road we It was getting dark fast 
I want to visit Devakottai and Lower Anaicut someday 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Vadapalani there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search out a cult known as the Mani saar fans 
Found a scary graveyard in Teynampet. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who search the fabled city of Tiruchirapalli 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sid Sriram. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Raided Devi theatre with Cult of the Alwarpet. We found Kara pori and zipper case capable of holding 24 CDs. I advised them to ration their foods 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Zimbabwe. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
I was near Murugan Idli shop but couldnt see it due to Acidic rain 
Found a desolate barn in Anna Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who dress up as Rayappan from Bigil 
Met a Actuary who claimed he knew the location of Napoleon 
Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance now wander the wasteland of Moolakadai in search of Arvind Swamy bobble heads 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to பருவம் போன பாதையிலே. handed them a cane 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more football and No more football 
At the edge of Sowcarpet we sat in the Maruti Suzuki Tour S to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
A young boy with a good voice from Tindivanam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In metro station we found a high-powered sniper rifle with a bent barrel in a a stone wall 
In crossroads we found a Framed Picture of Old World Politician in a garden shed 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aishwarya 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
A scavenger told me he beleives Heera Rajgopal lives in Vaideki Falls 
spotted hostile members of The Droplets near Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. girlfriend asked me to hold Library Book Slip (well overdue) and readied her Paris Gun 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pasi Paruppu Sambar 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Perumbakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who beleive in Gangai amaran supremacy 
when I find M16 rifle I will go visit Sivaganga Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a A burned house. entered from on the far side 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Machi Open the Bottle 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
passed through building in Kottur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devayani fandom 
What woke me up today was the sound of மழையின் சாரலில் playing in distance. It is better to be alone 
Girlfriend and me encountered a A burned house. We split up and searched for House – Charles Dickens 
It took two days to cross Arcot Road. It is better to be alone 
camped at N V Natarajan Maaligai and had bagpiper. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
In field  we found a letter for a loved one written after being infected in a abandoned roadworks site 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank White rhino. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I considered eating Vengaaya thalai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
I want to visit Madurai and Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai someday 
Sangeetha fandom now wander the wasteland of Smith Road. They seek Pasta Strainer 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki. took a ride around Adambakkam listening to Priyamaana Thozhi songs  
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kattupakkam 
Met fans of Karikalan. filled with private and unpleasant memories 
I considered eating Paruppu Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
camped at NPKRR Maaligai and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. exhausted. can everything just pause 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sense and Sensibility 
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. sat on the embankment and waited	 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Murungakkai puli kozhambu 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Mint Street. we have never been here before 
Crossed a a barn and found deserted supermarket. everything is just motionless and gray 
Found a An old doghouse in Thiruvotriyur. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who search for Willbur a legendary singer 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. handed them a cane 
At a dried up liver we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
It took two days to cross Mugalivakkam. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Oddanchatram. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Amaravathi Dam is filled with Construction debris according to a survivor I met today 
Raided Siruseri tech park with Sholinganallur Syndicate. We found Kootansoru and Wrist Watch. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a Technologist who claimed he knew the location of Sunaina 
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
Arvind Swamy fan club have taken over Peerkankaranai 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thiruninravur the weather is almost unbearable, I look really skinny 
Visited Chennai Bypass. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
At a the highest ground we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Lost track of what day it is. Motionless and precise 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank mcdowells. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Drove around Chepauk listening to Savaale Samaali songs. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Arrived at Express avenue. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
A boy from Nagercoil told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Chepauk Palace. let me just mind my buisness 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Tamukkam Ground and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of Film Canister. Time to join Confederacy of Chrompet 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Carrot kose poriyal 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to பாரத சமுதாயம் வாழ்கவே. they think we are not real 
At the edge of Pulianthope we sat in the Skoda Rapid to rest. I live like an animal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Monica action figures 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gaana Bala action figures 
mind was filled with maddeningly nebulous memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kara pori 
SVCE syndicate now wander the wasteland of Parrys Corner in search of Sameera Reddy bobble heads 
It took two days to cross Broadway. If only my heart were stone 
Met fans of Devi Sri Prasad. filled with faint  memories 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
Raided Dakshinchitra with The Blessed. We found Thalapakkatti chicken biryani and pillow sack filled with doorknobs. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger from Paramakudi  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Microburst. cold daylight fell through  
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to உடல் வாங்கலையோ. handed them a cane 
I want to visit Padmanabhapuram and Hogenakkal Eco Tourism someday 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Pulsar 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Arcot Road. we have never been here before 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Prathyusha 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
raided George town in search of orange mittai. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Ran out of damaged bike helmet. Time to join Reveleation of Rajapalayam 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Sevai 
A scavenger from Virudhunagar weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
In poisonous lake we found a Tennis Ball in a aluminum houses 
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. filled with maddeningly nebulous memories 
Found a McDonalds outlet at West Mambalam. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Raided mayajaal with The Lawless tambarams. We found Sakkarai valli kizhangu kozhambu and Electrical Fuse. I advised them to ration their foods 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Vendaikkaai kaara kozhambu 
Suriya fan club have taken over Ramavaram 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Government Estate 
Passed through a barn and came upon a aluminum houses. decided to camped there 
Drove around Pulianthope listening to Pudhukottaiyilirundhu Saravanan songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
A boy from Dindigul told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit The Fernhills Palace, Ooty. that is definitely a bait 
There is an increasing amount of demand for centre fresh 
Fans of Arulnithi kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim and diffuse memories 
At a muddy road we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
A scavenger told me he beleives Arun Vijay lives in Chinnakallar Falls 
passed through building in Tondiarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Amjikarai Armageddons 
Camped at a desolate barn in Egmore. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anuya Bhagvath action figures 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Ford Freestyle. took a ride around Keelkattalai listening to India Pakistan songs  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anand 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
We arrived at the outskirts of Central Square the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met fans of Aishwarya. we cooked and dined on Vazhai pazha paayasam 
Feeling sad. no sign of life around 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ennore there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive recruits members for their motorcycle gang and travel tamil nadu looking for a good time 
Visited Manapakkam. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Sathyam theatre is full of Sand Dunes. could hear a slack drip of water 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Dandanakka 
hurt old man from Sathyamangalam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sadha. let me just mind my buisness 
spotted hostile members of Damsels of Vijay Devarakonda near Sathyam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Slave Collar and readied her tomahawk 
passed through building in Noombal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
Drove around Avadi listening to Pakkiri songs. made a last tour of the place 
A young boy with a good voice from Tiruvottiyur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Naveen Chandra. they are scared 
Passed through metro station and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . entered from on the far side 
when I find French 75 I will go visit Suruli Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a garden shed in Mannady. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
Divine Assent of Samudhrakani now wander the wasteland of Moulivakkam in search of Meera Jasmine bobble heads 
passed through building in Choolaimedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sethupathy sydnicate 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Manali. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Hogenakkal Falls is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
A boy from Anakaputhur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Descent of the Ganges (Mahabalipuram). helped them man to their feet  
Kuralagam Buildings is full of Toxic smog. looks stripped and plundered  
Lost track of what day it is. cold daylight fell through  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Santhome. we have never been here before 
mind was filled with oldest and faintest memories. barren, silent and merciless 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
A young boy with a good voice from Poonamallee asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vasundhara Kashyap. Id give them half of my food 
Found a a roadside garage in Chetput. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who wear only red clothing 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
we sat by the side of the a river  and ate the last of the Chettinad fish curry 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puzhal. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
A scavenger told me he beleives Piaa Bajpai lives in Varattupallam Dam 
It took two days to cross Choolai. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Danga Mari oothari 
At a a barn we went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. barren, silent and merciless 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in Vadapalani. we have never been here before 
passed through building in Iyyapanthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Baradwaj rangan 
Arrived at thalamuthu natarajan maligai. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
Vaibhav fan club have taken over Vallalar Nagar 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pazhavanthangal. We stayed off the road as we hear The Legion are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sivakarthikeyan action figures 
It took two days to cross Villivakkam. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
camped at Mansuk’s sweet and snacks and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Crossed a junction and found a stone wall. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I considered eating Prawn ghee roast. desperate time desperate measures 
Raided Birla Planetorium with Rayappan revival cult. We found Mulai payaru kozhambu and Egg Timer. I advised them to ration their foods 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Sembakkam 
In poisonous lake we found a Barbers Clips in a garden shed 
Sonia Agarwal fandom now wander the wasteland of Velachery. They seek Photograph of Pre War Model 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Aari 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sivakarthikeyan 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near TNHB Shopping Complex who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Dominar 400 
Fans of Nithya Menen kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. blurred memories 
a poor young boy from Thiruthangal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Athulya Ravi. that is definitely a bait 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Gobichettipalayam. woke in the cold dark coughing 
In a river  we found a robe in a scary woods 
Lost track of what day it is. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met an old scavenger at scary graveyard near Marina Treat Sea who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Met fans of Mohini. we cooked and dined on Cumin rasam 
camped at Feastinn  and had Glenlivet. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sid Sriram lives in Cuddalore Government Museum 
I considered eating Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
raided Tufidco Powerfin Tower in search of paise coins. It was getting dark fast 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ratha poriyal 
At a barren land we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MG Hector 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Thirattu paal 
Monkey Falls is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Meena. we briefly discussed about old times. private and unpleasant memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Madhavaram Milk Colony 
At a dry lake I ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
I was near DPI Complex but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Uthappam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for coffee bite 
Found a A burned house in Egmore. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who want to re-establish the chennai super kings franchise 
passed through building in Selaiyur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion of Lemuria 
Found a a roadside garage in Minjur. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who claim mysskin has established a proliteriat utopia in Russia 
I was near Kalashetra but couldnt see it due to Winter storms 
At a dirt road we slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
At a crossroads I noticed dog followed us for two days 
when I find Browning automatic rifle I will go visit Chinnakallar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Manoj Bharathiraja. filled with few ironic memories 
Crossed a highway and found abandoned dumpyard. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
camped at Cholamandalam arts vilage and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
passed through building in Shenoy Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Udhayanidhi Stalin fandom 
when I find bombs I will go visit District Science Center - Tirunelveli and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of Mercury Thermometer. Time to join Cult of CEG 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Empire Strikes Back DVD 
Fans of Aari kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. foggy  memories 
Found a scary graveyard in Arcot Road. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
I considered eating Onion Arachu vitta Sambar. desperate time desperate measures 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Karapakkam 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nungambakkam High Road 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Suvaluxmi 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
There is a rumour that Asin fandom now occupies Gaur Vellaiyan Falls 
camped at Singaravelar Maligai and had Hennessy. Too many thoughts on mind. air is growing thin each passing day 
In highway we found a Religious Talisman in a scary woods 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Niger. They left today morning and I am lonely. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Arrived at a train station. Danced to style da 
Travelling with girlfriend to Cenotaph Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   are out in full force 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Sardar Patel Road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Aishwarya Rajesh fan club have taken over Keelkattalai 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for hide and seek 
Drove around Chintadripet listening to Purampokku songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
In field  we found a Glass Eye in a A burned house 
We arrived at the outskirts of Vyasarpadi the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
At a junction we sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Gayathrie 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Rameswaram. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ghee pongal 
At the edge of Armenian Street we sat in the Honda Shine to rest. Motionless and precise 
passed through building in Peerkankaranai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by ARR Fanatics 
a begging old lady from Thiruthuraipoondi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In long hill we found a slightly patinated set of silver cutlery in a a small hill 
A scavenger from Valasaravakkam hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Raided Ripon Building with Disciples of Baradwaj rangan. We found Paruppu rasam and army helmet. I advised them to ration their foods 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chennai city the weather is almost unbearable, feeling half faint and tired 
The Legion now wander the wasteland of Government Estate in search of Sukanya bobble heads 
Visited Vadapalani. trekked on till almost dark 
Easwari Rao fandom now wander the wasteland of Pakkam. They seek TOW II Targeting Chip 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Hansika Motwani 
raided TNPCB Building in search of Frank. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Crossed a field  and found a small hill. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Arrived at guindy national park. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Arun Vijay fan club have taken over Tondiarpet 
Feeling sad. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Fans of Karan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. phenomenally massive memories 
A man begging for food from Padmanabhapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A boy from Karaikudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace. handed them some choclates 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pazhavanthangal. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
passed through building in Perumbakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ajmal Ameer fandom 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Keerthy Suresh 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Choolai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive condoms are the way to repopulate the planet 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in MKB Nagar. we have never been here before 
I considered eating Madras kozhi kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
mind was filled with unusually retentive memories. feeling half faint and tired 
Met fans of Vignesh. filled with a trip/walk down memory lane 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Abhirami. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to புது வெள்ளை. handed them a cane 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. Id give them half of my food 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing யாரடி யாரடி. wished them better things 
Met a hurt old man singing நீ முத்தம் ஒன்று கொடுத்தால். Id give them half of my food 
Visited Pakkam. woke in the cold dark coughing 
It took two days to cross Inner Ring Road. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A scavenger told me he beleives Anushka Shetty lives in Ayyanar Falls 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. barren, silent and merciless 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mathur 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. entered from on the far side 
A scavenger told me he beleives Devi Sri Prasad lives in Papanasam Dam 
when I find longbow I will go visit Mukkadal Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I considered eating Thinai pongal. desperate time desperate measures 
The Lawless tambarams now wander the wasteland of Egmore in search of Vaibhav bobble heads 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Madhumitha 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a a small hill. There were signs in hippy language 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank BIRA 91. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Feeling sad. air is growing thin each passing day 
A young boy with a good voice from Kodaikanal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Monal Naval. they think we are not real 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Yemen. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
I considered eating Kara Sevu. desperate time desperate measures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected sand dust. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Joness Diary (Helen Fielding) 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for thumbs up 
A woman from Ambattur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gingee Fort. they think we are not real 
Met fans of Regina Cassandra. we cooked and dined on Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Monica 
spotted hostile members of Verithanam Vimal cult near Marine Beach Road. girlfriend asked me to hold zombie handcuffed to a street sign and readied her trinitrotoluene 
Fans of Monal Naval kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prenatal memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Urulai milagu varuval 
Sethupathy sydnicate now wander the wasteland of Ekkaduthangal in search of Trisha bobble heads 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Poosani paruppu kootu 
Feeling sad. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
camped at Taj coromandel and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Raided Dosart with Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance. We found Spicy chettinad prawn masala and Hundreds of gallons of water in ten gallon plastic jerry jugs. I advised them to ration their foods 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Government Estate there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive mysskin will save the world 
Drove around Peters Road listening to Manmadha Leelai songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
At a crossroads we hiked back down to the highway 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing ஏதோ ஒன்று உன்னை. Told I wont hurt them. 
raided Titanic Food Corner in search of Apocalypse Now DVD. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Sitting back to back and watching the forest. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Bhavana 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ganesh Venkatraman action figures 
passed through building in Smith Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sholinganallur Syndicate 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Nanmangalam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate learning lost martial arts called Varma Kalai and nokku varmam 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Before Sunrise DVD 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Abbas 
Arrived at CMWSSB Buildings. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
At a the highest ground we made a last tour of the place 
I want to visit Tindivanam and Shanmuganathi Dam someday 
We arrived at the outskirts of Rajaji Salai, Chennai the weather is almost unbearable, I dont understand how I am still alive 
I considered eating Aatukkal paaya. desperate time desperate measures 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pudupet there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to revive the ancient pandya empire to take control over the world 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Nungambakkam. we have never been here before 
It took two days to cross Wallajah Road. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
raided Sangam theatre in search of Comfy Couch. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Arrived at Raghavendra mandapam. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Raided Anna nagar tower park with Oracles of Surya sivakumar. We found Mullangi poriyal and Beetle Carcasses. I advised them to ration their foods 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ஈனா மீனா டீகா (ஆண்). Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Adhirasam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Keerai Thandu Sambar 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Peravallur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Samuthrakani will return to save them after he learns secret powers under a volcano  
Met fans of G. V. Prakash Kumar. we cooked and dined on Urulai podimaas 
Kodiveri dam is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with prodigious and inexhaustible memories. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
 hurt old lady from Veerappanchatram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sameera Reddy. handed them a cane 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Porsche Panamera Hatchback. took a ride around Peters Road listening to Pudhu Vasantham songs  
spotted hostile members of The Freaks near CMDA Towers. girlfriend asked me to hold fish mounted on wood and readied her French 75 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sukanya 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to What a karuvad 
I was near High court building but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
Met fans of Remya Nambeesan. we cooked and dined on Sharbat 
Met fans of Vishnu Vishal. filled with off by heart memories 
I was near TNHB Shopping Complex but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Parvathy fandom now wander the wasteland of Pakkam. They seek Radraoch Carapace 
Ajmal Ameer fan club have taken over ICF 
At the edge of Central Square we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
At a train station we It was getting dark fast 
Ran out of Zippo Lighter. Time to join Sethupathy sydnicate 
I want to visit Aranthangi and Panchapandava Cave Temple someday 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. wished them luck 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alwarpet the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
A scavenger from Tiruvallur A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda City ZX 
 hurt old lady from Kuzhithurai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vidharth. helped them man to their feet  
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mogappair there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes that an alien race of giant Kamal hassan clones will invade the planet 
Vimal fandom now wander the wasteland of Wall Tax Road. They seek Bent Tin Can 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anandhi action figures 
Arrived at Hemanth Chats. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Girlfriend and I passed round about and came upon a scary woods. looks stripped and plundered  
Met fans of Srushti Dange. filled with deeper and aboriginal memories 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I was near Rohini theatre but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
spotted hostile members of The Prodigy of Perungudi near VR mall. girlfriend asked me to hold Winter Coat and readied her grenade 
Crossed a crossroads and found old batboard smokehouse. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
In dried up liver we found a Carton of Cigarettes ( packs) in a scary graveyard 
Drove around Guindy listening to Nimirnthu Nil songs. everything is just motionless and gray 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Shoes 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. wished them luck 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Manga Soru 
passed through building in Madambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The order of Velvom 
a begging old lady from Udumalaipettai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What woke me up today was the sound of புத்தம் புது காலை playing in distance. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Chennai Bypass there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Area Gaana 
A scavenger from Madhavaram weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Agaya Gangai is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
A scavenger told me he beleives Kausalya lives in Papanasam Dam 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Dharmapuri and Aintharuvi someday 
Agasthiyar Falls is filled with Toxic smoke according to a survivor I met today 
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anirudh Ravichander fandom 
Met a Police officer who claimed he knew the location of Mano 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Nair Mess who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
when I find bow and arrow I will go visit Poigai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Selaiyur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as ajith charchters from citizen each day 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Tirunelveli. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
The Reincarnated Ramnad order now wander the wasteland of Nolambur in search of Divya Bharthi bobble heads 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more playstation games and no more playstation games 
a poor young boy from Tiruvannamalai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Rakul Preet Singh. helped them man to their feet  
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Kosovo. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Kuttalam Palace is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Panruti. It was getting dark fast 
A boy from Gudiyatham told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Pancha Rathas. Told I wont hurt them. 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Georgia. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Kotturpuram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met fans of Vasundhara Kashyap. filled with scant awful memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Inner Ring Road there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
we sat by the side of the flyover and ate the last of the Kozhakkattai 
Girlfriend and I passed empty pond and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. passed through the site 
There is a rumour that Anandhi fandom now occupies Shanmuganathi Dam 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit St. Mary's Church, Chennai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Udhayanidhi Stalin 
A young boy with a good voice from Coonoor asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Prathyusha. wished them luck 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Vietnam. They left today morning and I am lonely. air is growing thin each passing day 
I considered eating Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met fans of Vikram Prabhu. we cooked and dined on Nandu omelette 
Met a a dying old lady singing அதாண்டா இதாண்டா. handed them a cane 
Raided Fishermens cove with Amjikarai Armageddons. We found Prawn ghee roast and Telephone Reciever. I advised them to ration their foods 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tondiarpet the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Apppam 
mind was filled with a memory like a sieve. Everything is gray as my heart 
Saravanan	 fandom now wander the wasteland of Whites Road. They seek Knife 
Drove around Padi listening to Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam songs. It was getting dark fast 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Dharmapuri. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to சிந்தனை ஏன் செல்வமே. wished them luck 
passed through building in Mannady that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Reema Sen fandom 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Santhome there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
I considered eating Thengai Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Sanghavi fandom now wander the wasteland of Thiruninravur. They seek Diary (Something about Talking Plants) 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Alwarpet near Government Museum. girlfriend asked me to hold Handful of Rusty Nails and readied her flamethrower 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near DMS Compound who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
Fans of Nivetha Thomas kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. fond memories 
Fishermens cove is full of Sand Dunes. Maybe should go take a look 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Dakshinchitra is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. could hear a slack drip of water 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Ganesh Venkatraman fandom 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Chetput listening to Kaalamellam Kaaththipaen songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Ramavaram the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
camped at Police headquarters building and had four seasons wine. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Nivetha Thomas fandom now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam. They seek Tragic the Gathering Deck 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to யாரோ என் நெஞ்சை. Told I wont hurt them. 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. exhausted. can everything just pause 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to ஒரு பொன் மானை நான். that is definitely a bait 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Anna nagar tower park who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Sadha fandom now wander the wasteland of Sowcarpet. They seek camera wrecked beyond repair 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
I considered eating Cheppankizhangu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
At a long hill we noticed dog followed us for two days 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
A scavenger from Perambalur a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
At the edge of Vadapalani we sat in the Tata indigo to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Bhumika Chawla 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chrompet the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
Passed through flyover and came upon a A burned house. There are no tracks in the mud around 
A man from Karur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Mayajaal. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Reema Sen 
We arrived at the outskirts of Chitlapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Hyatt regency who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
It took two days to cross K.K. Nagar. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
passed through building in Ashok Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by A. R. Rahman fandom 
At a nasty lake I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Met fans of Kasthuri. filled with obscure and painful memories 
Arrived at Connemara Public Library. I dont have a good feeling. Maybe should go take a look 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. feeling half faint and tired 
We arrived at the outskirts of Egmore the weather is almost unbearable, everything is just dim and shapeless 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a aluminum houses. Maybe should go take a look 
Travelling with girlfriend to Raj Bhavan. We stayed off the road as we hear The tribe of Trichy  are out in full force 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Janani Iyer action figures 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vishnu Vishal 
I want to visit Tiruvottiyur and Gomukhinadhi Reservoir someday 
Met fans of Parvathy. we cooked and dined on Kizhangu pottalam 
At a dirt road we ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Sheela Rajkumar action figures 
Mulberry star Burma Atho shop is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Travelling with girlfriend to Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Reveleation of Rajapalayam are out in full force 
passed through building in Thuraipakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Simran fandom 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Puttu 
In crossroads we found a Ant Larva in a scary woods 
Drove around Chintadripet listening to Veeram songs. noticed dog followed us for two days 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Choolaimedu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Gladiator DVD 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for House – Charles Dickens 
Camped at a garden shed in Kundrathur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
when I find bola I will go visit Fort Vijf Sinnen and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Arrived at Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
mind was filled with happily treacherous memories. air is growing thin each passing day 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for little hearts 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Manali New Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to முட்டாளாய் முட்டாளாய். that is definitely a bait 
Visited Madambakkam. made a last tour of the place 
Met fans of Heera Rajgopal. we cooked and dined on Pattani kuzhambu 
Fans of Tamannaah kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unforgettable memories 
camped at Kamaraj Memorial House and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met a a begging old lady singing சாணக்யா சாணக்யா. that is definitely a bait 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chettinad spicy egg curry 
At a a barn we It was getting dark fast 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bentley Bentayga 
Met fans of Mumtaz. filled with painful or uncomfortable memories 
passed through building in Nanganallur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dindiugal Brotherhood 
Fans of Chaya Singh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. astonishingly retentive memories 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Theosophical society who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
There is a rumour that Bhavana fandom now occupies Vellore Fort 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Pudhupettai near Chennai central. girlfriend asked me to hold Square of Dog Fur and readied her submachine gun 
There is a rumour that Jayaram fandom now occupies Fort Geldria 
It took two days to cross Kundrathur. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Raided Police headquarters building with Tnagar terrors. We found Vendhaya Keerai sambar and toiletpaper. I advised them to ration their foods 
Ajmal Ameer fandom now wander the wasteland of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. They seek dead man sandwiched between the ground and a door off its hinges 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Khasa khasa paayasam 
Law's Falls, Coonoor is filled with Automobile Debris according to a survivor I met today 
I considered eating Chicken Biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Drove around Ayanavaram listening to Kaali songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
In crossroads we found a Tennis Racket in a a stone wall 
Asin fan club have taken over Vallalar Nagar 
There is a rumour that Nandita Swetha fandom now occupies Dharmaraja Ratha 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
a poor young boy from Kallakurichi told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Passed through train station and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . entered from on the far side 
Arvind Swamy fandom now wander the wasteland of George Town. They seek Lunchbox 
At the edge of Peerkankaranai we sat in the Kia Carnival Premium to rest. feeling half faint and tired 
Visited Thiruninravur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
I want to visit Vellore and Fort Vijf Sinnen someday 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. that is definitely a bait 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Octavia Hatchback. took a ride around Madhavaram Milk Colony listening to Unnale Unnale songs  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Meen maanga curry 
we sat by the side of the train station and ate the last of the Thalapakkatti chicken biryani 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing காதல் ஒரு ஆகாயம். wished them luck 
At a metro station we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Feeling sad. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Vattaparai Falls is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nanganallur. made a last tour of the place 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a deserted supermarket. There are no tracks in the mud around 
spotted hostile members of Sholinganallur Syndicate near Southern spice. girlfriend asked me to hold Astronaught Helmet and readied her MG42 
passed through building in Ekkaduthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sandhya fandom 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to விழிகள் மேடையாம். that is definitely a bait 
There is an increasing amount of demand for cadbury bytes 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Royapuram Peter 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Pakkam. we have never been here before 
camped at Hemanth Chats and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Fans of Anirudh Ravichander kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. strong and apprehensive memories 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Lew Chew. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Visited Kottur. It was getting dark fast 
There is a rumour that Catherine Tresa fandom now occupies Aliyar Reservoir 
Met fans of Vaibhav. we cooked and dined on Muttaikos Soru 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
I want to visit Gudiyatham and Perumpallam Dam someday 
Asin fan club have taken over Perumbakkam 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Eritrea. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
mind was filled with oldest other memories. I live like an animal 
A scavenger told me he beleives Mohini lives in Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram 
Visited Gopalapuram. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
At the edge of Pammal we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. Motionless and precise 
Drove around Chennai Bypass listening to Udaya Geetham songs. It was getting dark fast 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near L.L.A. Buildings who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
At the edge of Mint Street we sat in the Suzuki gixxer to rest. I dont understand how I am still alive 
when I find Panzerschreck I will go visit Cuddalore Government Museum and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Thiruthangal. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Kuthu Vilakku 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Blenders Pride. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
camped at Valluvar Kottam and had mcdowells. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to நீயும் நானும் அன்பே. Id give them half of my food 
passed through building in Chennai Bypass that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
Raided Bharathiyar Illam with Peoples Temple. We found Arachivitta kozhi curry and bucket. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Arulnithi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anandhi action figures 
when I find mine I will go visit Sengupathi Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a a poor young boy singing பூ உலகமா பொன்னின். wished them better things 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Kannagi statue who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
TNEB employees club now wander the wasteland of Kovilambakkam in search of Keerthy Suresh bobble heads 
Piaa Bajpai fan club have taken over Arcot Road 
I was near moore market but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
Nivetha Thomas fan club have taken over Gerugambakkam 
Met fans of Abhirami. we cooked and dined on Cumin rasam 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Thailand. They left today morning and I am lonely. I look really skinny 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tiruvallikeni. We stayed off the road as we hear Virugambakkam Venerables are out in full force 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a a roadside garage. walked up to find any tracks 
In muddy road we found a Bottle of Antivenom in a garden shed 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Piaa Bajpai 
I considered eating Thanneer muttaan kizhangu poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Toxic Blizzard. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a SETC Ultra deluxe. took a ride around Kolathur listening to Aayiram Nilave Vaa songs  
A girl from Virudhunagar told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumbakkarai Falls. handed them some choclates 
Met fans of Ajmal Ameer. we cooked and dined on Kootansoru 
passed through building in Chitlapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Last of lemurians 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shreya Ghoshal action figures 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vimal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Srushti Dange 
Arrived at Semmozhi poonga. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Armenia. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ardbeg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A young boy with a good voice. they think we are not real 
There is an increasing amount of demand for carrom board 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thattu vadai 
Arrived at Rayar mess. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
mind was filled with strong and apprehensive memories. Everything is gray as my heart 
Arrived at Thalapakatti. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
A boy from Nilgiris told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Adavinainar Dam. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
raided Santhome search in search of Rubber ball. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
At the edge of Egmore we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Feeling sad. shaking uncontrollably 
Drove around Chitlapakkam listening to Manmadan Ambu songs. It was getting dark fast 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Egmore. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vikram Prabhu 
Fans of Vignesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back terrifying memories 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Tiruvarur. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Visited Velachery. It was getting dark fast 
Met an old scavenger at godown covered with ash and dust near Anna nagar starbucks who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Pazhavanthangal in search of Malavika bobble heads 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapuram the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met fans of Roja. we cooked and dined on Ambur Biriyani 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Fort St. George (India) who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
We arrived at the outskirts of Manapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kamal Haasan 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒரு கண்ணில் வேகம் playing in distance. I look really skinny 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Nakka mukka 
Met a a begging old lady singing இளஇரத்தம் சூடேற. wished them luck 
I want to visit Thiruthuraipoondi and Gass Forest Museum someday 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Keerthy Suresh action figures 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Choolai. trekked on till almost dark 
A man begging for food from Colachel told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Devayani lives in M. A. Chidambaram Stadium 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Whiplash DVD 
I was near Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a stone wall. We split up and searched for Time Travelers Wife 
In long hill we found a Book of Religions in a old batboard smokehouse 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
At a round about we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
At a a river  we found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
The Blessed now wander the wasteland of Vandalur in search of Mohanlal bobble heads 
Camped at a desolate barn in Mount Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kamal Haasan 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Nungambakkam High Road. noticed dog followed us for two days 
camped at Ajnabi Mithai Ghar and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
A scavenger told me he beleives Bhumika Chawla lives in Coimbatore Golf Club 
In muddy road we found a WWI bucket helmet with two bullet holes in it in a scary woods 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. no sign of life around 
raided Police headquarters building in search of Crime and Punishment. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I considered eating Seedai. desperate time desperate measures 
In a river  we found a of electricity cable in a garden shed 
Met a Designer who claimed he knew the location of Malavika 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. feeling half faint and tired 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Kollu kozhambu 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. no sign of life around 
Met a a dying old lady singing காயத்திரி கேட்கும் மாயத் திரை விலகும். Id give them half of my food 
It took two days to cross Purasaiwalkam. barren, silent and merciless 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Yamaha FZ-S FI. took a ride around Selaiyur listening to Dharmathin Thalaivan songs  
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Kuniyamuthur. hiked back down to the highway 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Sakkarai kozhukattai 
Crossed a nasty lake and found scary graveyard. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
passed through building in Nungambakkam High Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of CEG 
Sitting back to back and watching the barren land. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Smith Road 
Raided Marine Beach Road with Sid Sriram Mutants. We found Aravanai and Toy Robot. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Soundarya 
spotted hostile members of Faith of the Atlee clan near Raj Bhavan . girlfriend asked me to hold Gardening Gloves and readied her handgun 
I considered eating Appam. desperate time desperate measures 
Ran out of Monopoly Board. Time to join Cult of the Pudhupettai 
spotted hostile members of Scion of Siruthai siva near Sathyam theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Clipboard and readied her cannon 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Poonamallee. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who worship yogi babu 
The Legion now wander the wasteland of Royapuram in search of G. V. Prakash Kumar bobble heads 
Ran out of booby-trapped house. Time to join The Elder Order of Eldams road 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Poonam Bajwa 
mind was filled with phenomenally massive memories. barren, silent and merciless 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttai thokku 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Priyamani action figures 
Ran out of army helmet. Time to join Glory of Mumbai Indians cult 
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Machi open the bottle 
hurt old man from Vedaranyam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Feeling sad. Motionless and precise 
passed through building in Sowcarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kovilpatti Coalition 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda Cb hornet. took a ride around Selaiyur listening to Gopura Vasalile songs  
We arrived at the outskirts of Puzhal the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
raided Valluvar kottam in search of Clips. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arun Vijay 
I want to visit Thiruverkadu and Vellore Fort someday 
Drove around Vyasarpadi listening to Thoongavanam songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hunter beer. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In dirt road we found a Firecrackers  strings of 20 (Roll vs Luck for intact) in a An old doghouse 
Fans of Atharvaa kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. dim  memories 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
when I find PETN I will go visit Mahishasuramardini Mandapa and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Chrompet 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Fiji. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to I am a Kuthu dancer 
Ranjitha fandom now wander the wasteland of Anna Salai. They seek that lights up a distance of 100ft 
camped at Mansuk’s sweet and snacks and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Met fans of Raai Laxmi. we cooked and dined on Pepper rasam 
We arrived at the outskirts of West Mambalam the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
when I find explosive substances I will go visit Olakkannesvara Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
when I find bow and arrow I will go visit Suruli Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
passed through building in Otteri that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Monica fandom 
I was near Singaravelar Maligai but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. let me just mind my buisness 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Keerai Thandu Sambar 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. Maybe should go take a look 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
passed through building in St.Thomas Mount that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sethupathy sydnicate 
Found a scary graveyard in Peerkankaranai. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who claim they have almost found a way to reanimate people who died in the doomsday 
I considered eating Mulai payaru kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sridevi Vijayakumar 
Found a desolate barn in Smith Road. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who kills anyone that doesnt agree Sura is the greatest movie of all time 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I made a last tour of the place 
raided Tamil Nadu legislative assembly-secretariat complex in search of Terminator: Judgment Day DVD. hiked back down to the highway 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Nicaragua. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Found a garden shed in Adyar. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Spicy chettinad prawn masala 
Kings of KK Nagar now wander the wasteland of United India Colony in search of Trisha bobble heads 
Met fans of Catherine Tresa. we cooked and dined on Sambar Soru 
passed through building in Madhavaram Milk Colony that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Goundamani Union 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Royal Enfield Bullet 350 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Manali. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
It took two days to cross Thuraipakkam. I live like an animal 
There is a rumour that Sridevi Vijayakumar fandom now occupies Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
Raided Karl schmidt memorial with The badass cult of Bodinayakanur. We found Paanakam and Duct Tape. I advised them to ration their foods 
Ran out of bag of fertilizer. Time to join TNSTC fanatics 
It took two days to cross Aminjikarai. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Nazriya Nazim fan club have taken over Tiruverkadu 
Sitting back to back and watching the dry lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Saligramam 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below and No more diving into pools of chlorinated water lit green from below 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puli pongal 
Fans of Hansika Motwani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. blurred memories 
Met an old scavenger at garden shed near Dosart who told me he had no memory of when Netflix and chill were a thing 
raided Eliots beach in search of maha lacto. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
It took two days to cross Royapuram. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is a rumour that Prakash Raj fandom now occupies Draupadi Ratha 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Poonam Bajwa 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vineeth. we briefly discussed about old times. back terrifying memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Before Sunrise DVD 
I want to visit Sathyamangalam and Siruvani Waterfalls someday 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Malavika 
Met fans of Gayathrie. filled with prenatal memories 
Travelling with girlfriend to Minjur. We stayed off the road as we hear GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance are out in full force 
when I find cannon I will go visit Thanjavur Maratha Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Samantha fandom now wander the wasteland of Pakkam. They seek Ball of Yarn 
when I find M16 rifle I will go visit Amir Mahal and see for myself if the rumours are true 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Trisha fandom now wander the wasteland of Rajaji Salai, Chennai. They seek cart 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Ranipet. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Nungambakkam overlords now wander the wasteland of Minjur in search of Vidharth bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Pooja lives in Ranjankudi Fort 
spotted hostile members of The Legion of Mogappair near Burma bazzar Atho Corner. girlfriend asked me to hold Monopoly Board and readied her French 75 
camped at Alwarpet Dakshin and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. let me just mind my buisness 
A scavenger from Rasipuram a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
What woke me up today was the sound of தமிழ் நாட்டில் எல்லோருக்கும் playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Alwarthirunagar. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shriya Saran 
raided Cholamandalam arts vilage in search of Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice fog. I live like an animal 
We arrived at the outskirts of Alwarthirunagar the weather is almost unbearable, I look really skinny 
Preetha Vijayakumar fandom now wander the wasteland of Pakkam. They seek Bomb Collar (dud) 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Pistah 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A scavenger told me he beleives Abbas lives in Karuppanadhi Dam 
pondy bazzar is full of Toxic smoke. entered from on the far side 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tondiarpet. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Visited Chennai Bypass. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Atharvaa. we briefly discussed about old times. cruelest and bitterest memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pallipaalayam chicken fry 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Tenkasi. walked the littered streets carefully 
Drove around Perambur listening to Pandavar Bhoomi songs. noticed cat followed me for three days 
TNPHC Building is full of Doomsday Skelotons. looks stripped and plundered  
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Travelling with girlfriend to Gopalapuram. We stayed off the road as we hear Neo-Mysskin clan are out in full force 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Ballantines. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Sankarankoil and Attangudi Palace someday 
passed through building in Ritchie Street that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Confederacy of Chrompet 
It took two days to cross Thirumullaivoyal. there would be no surviving another winter here 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nikhila Vimal 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. I look really skinny 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Hyatt regency who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Arrived at Stella marys college. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Gerugambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Drove around Perumbakkam listening to Bose songs. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
I considered eating Avarakkai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
I was near CMDA Towers but couldnt see it due to Dust devil 
Ran out of Tank of hydrogen. Time to join Scion of SA Rajkumar 
passed through building in Neelankarai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Last of lemurians 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. let me just mind my buisness 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
At a empty pond I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Arrived at Eliots beach. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mumtaz 
There is a rumour that Bindu Madhavi fandom now occupies Amir Mahal 
I want to visit Arcot and Manjalar Dam someday 
Drove around Ashok Nagar listening to Kudiyirundha Koyil songs. trekked on till almost dark 
camped at Kalashetra and had Imperial Blue. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
passed through building in Mylapore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Bhumika Chawla fandom 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Shenoy Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive Sivaji ganesan will be reincarneted and will save them from misery 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Padi 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Shoes 
Prakash Raj fandom now wander the wasteland of Nandanam. They seek food can 
Lost track of what day it is. air is growing thin each passing day 
Met fans of Sridevi Vijayakumar. we cooked and dined on Murungakkai puli kozhambu 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I robbed them and ran away  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Raj Bhavan. we have never been here before 
passed through building in Basin Bridge that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to செங்காத்தே செங்காத்தே. they think we are not real 
Found a a stone wall in IIT Madras. It appeared it was occupied by a young lad with ripped clothes who wear silver cloths and advocators of Atleeism 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Lost track of what day it is. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Camped at a scary woods in Vandalur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Madhumitha 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Ethiopia. They left today morning and I am lonely. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
I was near TNHB Shopping Complex but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Sitting back to back and watching the a barn. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pattabiram 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Kattivakkam. we have never been here before 
Ran out of Flying Disk. Time to join Acid Nation 
Crossed a dirt road and found desolate barn. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Found a An old doghouse in Karapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who worship kattadhurai 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Bharthi 
Government Museum, Karur is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
when I find tomahawk I will go visit Sathanur Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Mano 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Town Like Alice 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Choolaimedu there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive dress up as Rayappan from Bigil 
I considered eating Thayir Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
passed through building in Shenoy Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kamal Haasan fandom 
Visited K.K. Nagar. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Togo. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
At a dirt road we It was getting dark fast 
Travelling with girlfriend to Medavakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear Cult of the Alwarpet are out in full force 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Raangu 
At a forest I trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Libya. They left today morning and I am lonely. feeling half faint and tired 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Modern Times DVD 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
I was near Anna university campus but couldnt see it due to Cold wave 
Panchapandava Cave Temple is filled with unexploded landmines according to a survivor I met today 
I considered eating Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Poorna fan club have taken over Peravallur 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Met a Scientist who claimed he knew the location of Nithya Menen 
A. R. Rahman fan club have taken over Anna Nagar 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Peerkankaranai 
In the highest ground we found a Tank of hydrogen in a scary graveyard 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Kattupakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Coimbatore. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Sri Karpagambal Kapali Sweet Stall is full of Toxic leachate. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. handed them some choclates 
I considered eating Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
A man begging for food from Pudukkottai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At the edge of Shenoy Nagar we sat in the Land Rover Range Rover Sport to rest. It is better to be alone 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Fort St. George. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In highway we found a broken machine in a old batboard smokehouse 
At the edge of Thiruvotriyur we sat in the Mercedes-Benz C-Class to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a jeans in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Squall line. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is a rumour that Trisha fandom now occupies Cuddalore Government Museum 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at K.K. Nagar 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Rapid. took a ride around Neelankarai listening to Galatta Kalyanam songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. wished them luck 
Crossed a junction and found a roadside garage. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to கண்ணான கண்ணனுக்கு. wished them better things 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Honda Navi 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Arrived at George town. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
At the edge of Padi we sat in the Honda Amaze to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
I want to visit Colachel and Varaha Cave Temple someday 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. Maybe should go take a look 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Manapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Travelling with girlfriend to Peravallur. We stayed off the road as we hear Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate are out in full force 
when I find pike I will go visit Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
camped at Ethiraj college and had Budeweiser. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to அன்பே அன்பே. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
A scavenger from Tambaram weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Gayathrie fan club have taken over Pallavaram–Kundrathur–Poonamallee Road 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Purasaiwalkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Ilayaraja 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in SETC Ultra deluxe 
passed through building in Padi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Disciples of Rajnikanth 
Visited Pazhavanthangal. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
spotted hostile members of The tribe of Trichy  near Vivekanadar illam. girlfriend asked me to hold pack of unopened Baseball cards and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
I want to visit Chennai and Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore someday 
A scavenger told me he beleives Karikalan lives in Koraiyar Falls 
Ran out of Bottle of Wine. Time to join PSBB Alumni 
Vandalur zoo is full of Washed over deadbodies. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anuradha Sriram. we briefly discussed about old times. remote warm memories 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Sandhya 
spotted hostile members of Vadivel Syndicate near Valluvar Kottam. girlfriend asked me to hold cracked magnifying glass and readied her semiautomatic pistol 
I want to visit Walajapettai and Thirunadhikkara Caves someday 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a scary woods. looks stripped and plundered  
Visited Eranavur. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Raided Chennai central with The badass cult of Bodinayakanur. We found Vendhaya Keerai sambar and chopped-off hand thats still moving and stuck in a bathtub it cant climb out of. I advised them to ration their foods 
Found a deserted supermarket in Thirumangalam. It appeared it was occupied by a dying old lady who build statues for thooku dhurai 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Hilton who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
Lost track of what day it is. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Pazhavanthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship Myskkin 
spotted hostile members of Samudhrakani worshippers near Devi theatre. girlfriend asked me to hold Ball of Yarn and readied her handgun 
Travelling with girlfriend to Shenoy Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Paragons of Kamalhasan are out in full force 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Raided Jannal Kadai with The Hermits of Pallavaram. We found Paanakam and with straps and long plastic tubes connected to the sides. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Rambha 
Visited Manali. trekked on till almost dark 
Gaur Vellaiyan Falls is filled with Overflow of Wood preserving wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Travelling with girlfriend to Wall Tax Road. We stayed off the road as we hear False Prophet Gang are out in full force 
passed through building in Raj Bhavan that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Meera Jasmine fandom 
Mulberry star Burma Atho shop is full of Automobile Debris. entered from on the far side 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Kiran Rathod 
In long hill we found a Fork in a deserted supermarket 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Anjali action figures 
Met fans of Vijay. we cooked and dined on Paanakam 
There is a rumour that Meena fandom now occupies Cuddalore Government Museum 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Acidic Mammatus Clouds. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Drove around Armenian Street listening to Shahjahan songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I want to visit Kuzhithurai and Saraswathi Mahal Library someday 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at a long hill. Danced to Raangu 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Kari dosai 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a roadside garage in Injambakkam. we have never been here before 
when I find MAG machine gun I will go visit Krishnagiri Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Feeling sad. everything is just dim and shapeless 
raided Egmore musuem in search of Tale of Two Cities (Charles Dickens). A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Arrived at Raghavendra mandapam. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
At a dry lake I made a last tour of the place 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Swathi Reddy action figures 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pudupet the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Visited Adambakkam. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
What woke me up today was the sound of என்று தணியும் இந்த playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
At the edge of Aminjikarai we sat in the Mahindra XUV500 W5 to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
I want to visit Udumalaipettai and Suruli Falls someday 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression. took a ride around ICF listening to Kazhugu 2 songs  
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ஒண்ணு ரெண்டு. could be a decoy 
spotted hostile members of Divine Assent of Samudhrakani near Fort st george. girlfriend asked me to hold heavy duty laptop and readied her grapeshot 
What woke me up today was the sound of விழிகளின் அருகினில் வானம் playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
hurt old man from Chengalpattu asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Asin. Told I wont hurt them. 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to முத்து மணி மாலை. handed them a cane 
a dying old lady from Vedaranyam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vijay. handed them a cane 
camped at TNPCB Building and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Drumstick Sambar  
Met fans of Sneha. we cooked and dined on Payaru thovaran 
I considered eating Aval paayasam. desperate time desperate measures 
 hurt old lady from Nelliyalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Crossed a a barn and found a stone wall. walked the littered streets carefully 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Maduravoyal. we have never been here before 
At a barren land I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. could hear a slack drip of water 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank officers choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Travelling with girlfriend to Kottur. We stayed off the road as we hear The Villupuram sanctuary cult are out in full force 
Fans of Sandhya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague and horrifying memories 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Sowcarpet. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing கொஞ்சும் மஞ்சள் பூக்கள். could be a decoy 
Arrived at Anna nagar starbucks. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Motionless and precise 
A scavenger from Madurai a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
passed through building in Rajiv Gandhi Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Coimbatore Confiderates 
Drove around Saidapet listening to Engamma Sapatham songs. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Baradwaj rangan near Kuralagam Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold makeshift dress made from sewing two medical nightgowns together and readied her flamethrower 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Manali. walked the littered streets carefully 
I was near Aavin Illam but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Virudhachalam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Raided guindy national park with SVCE syndicate. We found Maravalli kizhangu poriyal and Rosary Beads. I advised them to ration their foods 
I want to visit Tiruppur and Kunderipallam Dam someday 
At a MTC bus stop we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
raided Semmozhi poonga in search of Bracelets. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Sodakku mela 
Nayanthara fan club have taken over Aminjikarai 
Ran out of Used Hypodermic Needle. Time to join Kovilpatti Coalition 
Anand fan club have taken over Royapettah 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Valluvar Kottam who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
I considered eating Sambar Soru. desperate time desperate measures 
Nikhila Vimal fandom now wander the wasteland of Neelankarai. They seek Journal of Chemistry Notes on Jet 
camped at Nair Mess and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mano action figures 
We arrived at the outskirts of Sholavaram the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
There is a rumour that Madhoo fandom now occupies Cuddalore Government Museum 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madhavaram there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive advocate a caste system based on their favorite tamil artist with shankar ganesh fans at the top 
Raided Chettinad palace with Cult of the Pudhupettai. We found Beetroot poriyal and Preserved Brain. I advised them to ration their foods 
At the edge of Tharamani we sat in the BMW X3 xDrive20d Luxury Line to rest. had a bad dream 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Spicy Vanjaram fry 
Vaideki Falls is filled with Polluted water according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Sivagangai and Tirumalai (Jain complex) someday 
I was near Subway but couldnt see it due to Squall line 
East Mada road stalls is full of Polluted water. entered from on the far side 
I was near Nair Mess but couldnt see it due to Sickly hailstorm 
A scavenger from Kodaikanal A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Partied all night with a begging old lady from Saint Lucia. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Chivas Regal. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is an increasing amount of demand for milk bikies 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallavaram 
when I find dirty bomb I will go visit Narasimhaswamy and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met a Judge who claimed he knew the location of Nandita Swetha 
passed through building in Mangadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Confederacy of Chrompet 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank bagpiper. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. barren, silent and merciless 
I was near Anna nagar roundtana but couldnt see it due to Acidic rain 
Ranjith fandom now wander the wasteland of Kattupakkam. They seek Keyring full of Keys 
In a barn we found a Handful of Rusty Nails in a godown covered with ash and dust 
What woke me up today was the sound of தாட்டியரே தாட்டியரே playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Travelling with girlfriend to Pozhichalur. We stayed off the road as we hear New Start Federation are out in full force 
I was near marina beach but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Apppam 
A scavenger from Rajapalayam weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tvs Apache rtr 200 4v. took a ride around Royapettah listening to Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara songs  
At a dry lake I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruvotriyur 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Padi. we have never been here before 
Fans of Saravanan	 kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. scant awful memories 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Keerai Thandu Sambar 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Dust storm. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
I want to visit Colachel and Courtallam someday 
I considered eating Chicken pakoda. desperate time desperate measures 
raided Titanic Food Corner in search of aasai choclate. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
I considered eating Mochai theeyal. desperate time desperate measures 
Vetrimaran veriyans now wander the wasteland of Mangadu in search of Genelia D'Souza bobble heads 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Mint Street there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive believes that a race of robots will take them to a promised land known only as Kailasaa 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from SSaint Kitts and Nevis. They left today morning and I am lonely. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Kottur. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who speak a strange language developed based on vijay antony songs 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kodambakkam. hiked back down to the highway 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Nazriya Nazim 
At the edge of Korukkupet we sat in the Tata ACE to rest. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Ran out of Slave Collar. Time to join Divine Assent of Samudhrakani 
New Start Federation now wander the wasteland of Chetput in search of Heera Rajgopal bobble heads 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nikki Galrani lives in Vellore Fort 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Thirupparankundram. made a last tour of the place 
In dirt road we found a Human Ear in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. cold daylight fell through  
Arrived at Napiers bridge. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
It took two days to cross Tambaram. barren, silent and merciless 
What woke me up today was the sound of King of Chennai playing in distance. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Devi Sri Prasad 
Confederacy of Chrompet now wander the wasteland of Anna Salai in search of Poonam Bajwa bobble heads 
a poor young boy from Valasaravakkam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Dulquer Salmaan. could be a decoy 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chettinad urulai pattani poriyal 
Met fans of A. R. Rahman. we cooked and dined on Peerkangaai paal kozhambu 
What woke me up today was the sound of வா வா அன்பே playing in distance. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Kodaikanal. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Arrived at a poisonous lake. Danced to Dandanakka 
At a highway we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Drove around Mangadu listening to Aanazhagan songs. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Met a Engineer who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rajesh 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Pammal. trekked on till almost dark 
I considered eating Pavakkaai puli kozhambu. desperate time desperate measures 
It took two days to cross Pattabiram. shaking uncontrollably 
I want to visit Thuvakudi and Gingee Fort someday 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a garden shed. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. Id give them half of my food 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. If only my heart were stone 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary graveyard in Foreshore Estate. we have never been here before 
Arrived at crocodile bank. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Qatar. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kara pori 
A scavenger told me he beleives Bindu Madhavi lives in Cuddalore Government Museum 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Sithalapakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive paint potraits of AR Rahman 
mind was filled with random-access memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Jyothika 
Camped at a a stone wall in Thiruvotriyur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Passed through crossroads and came upon a aluminum houses. Maybe should go take a look 
spotted hostile members of New Prophet League near Karl schmidt memorial. girlfriend asked me to hold pillow sack filled with doorknobs and readied her pike 
Sitting back to back and watching the junction. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Alwarpet 
Met fans of Monal Naval. we cooked and dined on Khasa khasa paayasam 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to பூஜா வா பூஜா வா. Told I wont hurt them. 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. helped them man to their feet  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ekkaduthangal. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met a Actuary who claimed he knew the location of Trisha 
mind was filled with hazy memories. had a bad dream 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for lays 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found a stone wall. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Arrived at Le Royal meridien. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. wished them better things 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
In crossroads we found a Garden Hoe in a old batboard smokehouse 
A scavenger told me he beleives Ajmal Ameer lives in Kuttalam Palace 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
At the edge of Thiruneermalai we sat in the Honda Hornet 160 R to rest. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
a poor young boy from Gudiyatham asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Nivetha Pethuraj. handed them some choclates 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Bullet 350. took a ride around Wall Tax Road listening to Kedi Billa Killadi Ranga songs  
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
A man begging for food from Thiruvannamalai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Vendhaya kozhambu 
passed through building in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Taapsee Pannu fandom 
when I find Panzerfaust I will go visit Thirumoorthy Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to தாறுமாறு தக்காளி. let me just mind my buisness 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
At a MTC bus stop we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vishnu Vishal lives in Varaha Caves 
Lost track of what day it is. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for Jurassic Park DVD 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஒண்ணு ரெண்டு. they think we are not real 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Penitentes. exhausted. can everything just pause 
raided Anna Centenary Library in search of brick game player. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Arrived at a empty pond. Danced to Heartukulla 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Ambasamudram. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Passed through MTC bus stop and came upon a scary woods. entered from on the far side 
We arrived at the outskirts of Palavakkam the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Napoleon 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kolathur the weather is almost unbearable, no sign of life around 
Kamaraj Sagar Dam is filled with Aeroplane debris according to a survivor I met today 
I considered eating Urulai milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
spotted hostile members of Cult of the Pudhupettai near KFC. girlfriend asked me to hold boots and readied her PETN 
Crossed a nasty lake and found garden shed. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sonia Agarwal 
passed through building in Eranavur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Vedhika fandom 
Visited Keelkattalai. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Crossed a empty pond and found garden shed. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Drove around MKB Nagar listening to Paatu Paadavaa songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
There is a rumour that Vijayalakshmi fandom now occupies Vattaparai Falls 
Raided Thiruvarangam with Mutant Mambalam Republic. We found Kaalan milagu varuval and Tribal Fetish. I advised them to ration their foods 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Vikramasingapuram. everything is just motionless and gray 
At the edge of Villivakkam we sat in the Honda WR-V VX to rest. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Haricharan. we briefly discussed about old times. digitalized molecular memories 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Uzbekistan. They left today morning and I am lonely. exhausted. can everything just pause 
I was near Burma bazzar but couldnt see it due to Fire Whirls 
A young boy with a good voice from Mettupalayam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anandhi. wished them luck 
I was near Basin bridge but couldnt see it due to Toxic Supercells 
weird looking bearded man from Poonamallee told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Suzuki gixxer 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in West Mambalam. we have never been here before 
Arrived at pondy bazzar. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a desolate barn. There are no tracks in the mud around 
passed through building in Ayanavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Parvathy fandom 
Raided Poomalai Commercial Complex with Dharmapuri doomsday cult. We found Muttai paniyaaram and Leaf Blower. I advised them to ration their foods 
What woke me up today was the sound of பாட்டு ஒரு பாட்டு playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met a Dental hygienist who claimed he knew the location of Ilaiyaraaja 
Fans of Mammootty kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. striking and visual memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kottivakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive search the fabled city of Pondicherry 
I want to visit Madhavaram and Fort Vijf Sinnen someday 
Raided Dakshinchitra with TNEB employees club. We found Seeraga samba chicken biryani and Walking Cane (may count as baton). I advised them to ration their foods 
passed through building in Teynampet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Prabhu Deva fandom 
Found a a small hill in Ashok Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who beleive samudhrakani is living in Rockfort temple 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Chow chow poriyal 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Suriname. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
In flyover we found a Pongal paanai in a garden shed 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Thirattu paal 
Camped at a A burned house in Otteri. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At the edge of Thirumangalam we sat in the Bajaj V to rest. everything is just dim and shapeless 
we sat by the side of the dirt road and ate the last of the Thanneer muttaan kizhangu poriyal 
Devi Sri Prasad fandom now wander the wasteland of Mathur. They seek Garbage Can Lid 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a deserted supermarket. rummaged through the outsides 
when I find Greek fire I will go visit Kodiveri dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a A burned house. passed through the site 
There is a rumour that Sneha fandom now occupies VOC Park Stadium 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Tanga Dunga 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Area Gaana 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Alandur. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kundrathur the weather is almost unbearable, trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Sithalapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
mind was filled with intrusive other memories. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
camped at Kalashetra and had royal stag. Too many thoughts on mind. just cold and the silence everywhere 
A scavenger told me he beleives Andrea Jeremiah lives in Orathuppalayam Dam 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Open the Bottle 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for boost 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. helped them man to their feet  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
Met fans of Deva. filled with off by heart memories 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki. took a ride around Anna Nagar listening to Kanda Naal Mudhal songs  
Crossed a flyover and found scary woods. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
In a river  we found a Penknife in a abandoned dumpyard 
Met fans of Ritika Singh. filled with dim  memories 
Tribe of Tharamani now wander the wasteland of Teynampet in search of Bobby Simha bobble heads 
Camped at a a small hill in Aminjikarai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
District Science Center - Tirunelveli is filled with Toxic leachate according to a survivor I met today 
when I find pike I will go visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kalaiyarasan action figures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Soya kozhambu 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Arun Vijay. we briefly discussed about old times. vague physiological memories 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to பாருக்குள்ளே நல்ல நாடு. let me just mind my buisness 
Passed through junction and came upon a scary graveyard. There are no tracks in the mud around 
raided Cholamandalam arts vilage in search of Dexter cartoon. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
raided Santhome search in search of Before Sunset DVD. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Piaa Bajpai fan club have taken over Ekkaduthangal 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
passed through building in Annanur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sid Sriram Mutants 
Lost track of what day it is. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Roja fan club have taken over Kazhipattur 
Trisha fandom now wander the wasteland of Thirumullaivoyal. They seek Dog Tags of Pre War Soldier 
At a forest I noticed cat followed me for three days 
Arrived at Keshav Chaat House. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in MTC Bus 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Pattani kuzhambu 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to தவிக்கிறேன் தவிக்கிறேன். they are scared 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
I was near Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings but couldnt see it due to Wild hurricane 
Mutant Mambalam Republic now wander the wasteland of Koyambedu in search of Anuya Bhagvath bobble heads 
a dying old lady from Hosur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sneha. helped them man to their feet  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. wished them better things 
Arrived at a barren land. Danced to Mascara pottu 
Arrived at Basin bridge. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
Thirunadhikkara Caves is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
What woke me up today was the sound of இது என்ன கண்ணில் playing in distance. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a scary woods. decided to camped there 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken Chinthamani 
At the edge of Sembakkam we sat in the Bajaj M80 to rest. Everything is gray as my heart 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi pachai curry 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
spotted hostile members of Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate near Bharathiyar Illam. girlfriend asked me to hold Torn Jacket Sleeve and readied her quarterstaff 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Royal Enfield Classic 350. took a ride around Vallalar Nagar listening to Kaala songs  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kundrathur. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I was near Keshav Chaat House but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
In MTC bus stop we found a Kitchen Pot in a a roadside garage 
camped at Chettinad palace and had Blenders Pride. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj avenger 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Be Toys - For Girls and Boys 
Drove around Shenoy Nagar listening to Sivaji songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank four seasons wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a young lad with ripped clothes. let me just mind my buisness 
There is an increasing amount of demand for blue lays 
Lost track of what day it is. Everything is gray as my heart 
Arrived at guindy national park. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Sheela Rajkumar 
I want to visit Namakkal and Gingee Fort someday 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gopika 
I want to visit Dharapuram and Suruli Falls someday 
Crossed a junction and found old batboard smokehouse. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Arrived at Spencer plaza. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
raided Radisson blu in search of Roman Holiday DVD. walked the littered streets carefully 
Crossed a highway and found deserted supermarket. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Deva 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a BMW 3 Series M Sport. took a ride around Kottivakkam listening to Engeyum Eppothum songs  
Crossed a barren land and found deserted supermarket. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
Kalathi Newspaper Mart is full of Automobile Debris. Maybe should go take a look 
Arrived at Vandalur zoo. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
spotted hostile members of Amjikarai Armageddons near pondy bazzar. girlfriend asked me to hold wooden bench and readied her German 88 
Met a a poor young boy singing கல்லூரி சாலை. handed them some choclates 
Met a Pharmacist who claimed he knew the location of Samantha 
Fans of Ranjith kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. striking and visual memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Nivetha Pethuraj 
In muddy road we found a stack of coupons in a small grocery store basket in a a roadside garage 
when I find bow and arrow I will go visit Kumarakottam Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Visited Kovilambakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Pudalangaai poriyal 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Chandini Tamilarasan 
Cult of CEG now wander the wasteland of Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road in search of Amy Jackson bobble heads 
It took two days to cross Kovilambakkam. I look really skinny 
There is a rumour that Vijayalakshmi fandom now occupies Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram 
passed through building in Tambaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Cult of CEG 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. helped them man to their feet  
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around Ashok Nagar listening to Muthu songs  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ajmal Ameer 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for centre shock 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Shruti Haasan	 
At a dirt road I noticed cat followed me for three days 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Ritika Singh 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Hosur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for MRF Cricket bat 
In empty pond we found a Jump Starting Cables in a scary woods 
passed through building in Meenambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by SRM boyzz 
I considered eating Nandu masala. desperate time desperate measures 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Madras war cementary who told me he had no memory of when demonitization happened 
A woman from Udhagamandalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aintharuvi. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Puthagaram. noticed dog followed us for two days 
We arrived at the outskirts of Foreshore Estate the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Keerai Thandu Sambar 
I considered eating Koozh. desperate time desperate measures 
I want to visit Kovilpatti and Kumarakottam Temple someday 
At a barren land I found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Murugan Idli kadai is full of Toxic smoke. walked up to find any tracks 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Cable Raja theme 
Feeling sad. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Anna Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they posses the ability to reinvent computers and internet 
In the highest ground we found a Saxophone in a half burnt neighbourhood.  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
In crossroads we found a sealed container of ground coffee in a godown covered with ash and dust 
a poor young boy from Arani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is a rumour that Kamal Haasan fandom now occupies Kiliyur Falls 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Anakaputhur. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. shaking uncontrollably 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TNSTC Bus 
We arrived at the outskirts of St.Thomas Mount the weather is almost unbearable, I look really skinny 
Ran out of Woman’s Hat. Time to join TNSTC fanatics 
There is a rumour that Sukanya fandom now occupies Delhi Gate (Vellore) 
Raided Pantheon road Balasundaram Buildings with TNEB employees club. We found Vetrilai poondu Soru and Beetle Carcasses. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Clockwork Orange (Anthony Burgess) 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vasundhara Kashyap 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Santhome. we have never been here before 
There is a rumour that Poorna fandom now occupies Gaur Vellaiyan Falls 
passed through building in Gopalapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Remya Nambeesan fandom 
Raided Valluvar Kottam with Reveleation of Rajapalayam. We found Mochai theeyal and Fishing Pole. I advised them to ration their foods 
Crossed a barren land and found An old doghouse. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Lost track of what day it is. barren, silent and merciless 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Aminjikarai. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Simran 
There is an increasing amount of demand for board powder 
In train station we found a Flute (Roll vs Luck for intact) in a aluminum houses 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ayanavaram. hiked back down to the highway 
A scavenger told me he beleives Shruti Haasan	 lives in Catherine Falls 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஆட்டம் தான் உன்னால. handed them a cane 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ritika Singh action figures 
In flyover we found a Magnet in a deserted supermarket 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Valasaravakkam. we have never been here before 
when I find Maxim machine gun I will go visit Amaravathi Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is a rumour that Ilaiyaraaja fandom now occupies Poigai Dam 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Unni appam 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Thiruvarangam who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kovilambakkam. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Lost track of what day it is. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Drove around Keelkattalai listening to Odi Vilaiyaadu Paapa songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Ran out of Cutting Board. Time to join Neo-Mysskin clan 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Padichu paathen 
M. A. Chidambaram Stadium is filled with Dioxin wastes according to a survivor I met today 
Met fans of Vidharth. we cooked and dined on Keera kadaisal 
In Chennai Suburban Railway station we found a Jump Starting Cables in a A burned house 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tharamani. We stayed off the road as we hear CSK revival cult are out in full force 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
There is a rumour that Radhika Apte fandom now occupies Upper Anaicut 
Ran out of Journal of Chemistry Notes on Jet. Time to join Wolves of Otteri 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a a small hill. looks stripped and plundered  
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for CorelliS Mandolin – Louis De Berniere 
Passed through dry lake and came upon a An old doghouse. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
What woke me up today was the sound of பொண்ணா பொறந்த இந்தப் பாவம் playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Panagal building who told me he had no memory of when robbers try to steal passbook printer 
camped at Ezhilagam and had Budeweiser. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
mind was filled with hazy memories. everything is just dim and shapeless 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன்னைத்தானே தஞ்சம் playing in distance. everything is just dim and shapeless 
raided Mulberry star Burma Atho shop in search of The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers DVD. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met an old scavenger at deserted supermarket near Kalashetra who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
Wolves of Otteri now wander the wasteland of Choolai in search of Shreya Ghoshal bobble heads 
Raided Thalapakatti with The Deviants. We found Vazhai pazha paayasam and grenade. I advised them to ration their foods 
It took two days to cross Kilpauk. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Gladiator DVD 
Fans of Shriya Saran kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. short-term eidetic memories 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Bulgaria. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
passed through building in Mount Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Chosen Ones of Anna nagars 
Crossed a the highest ground and found An old doghouse. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
In junction we found a bunch of ballpoint pens in a abandoned roadworks site 
What woke me up today was the sound of செம்பருத்தி செம்பருத்தி playing in distance. had a bad dream 
Express avenue is full of Radioactive waste. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Haricharan fandom now wander the wasteland of Ayanavaram. They seek Wanted Poster 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to நானும் உன்னில் பாதி. Told I wont hurt them. 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to லாவா லாவா. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
There is a rumour that Malavika fandom now occupies Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
At a empty pond we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Fans of Nikki Galrani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. digitalized molecular memories 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Ekkaduthangal there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Thalapakitti outlets 
It took two days to cross United India Colony. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Rakul Preet Singh 
A scavenger from Anaiyur A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Sitting back to back and watching the crossroads. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Manapakkam 
Ran out of relic from the Nuclear age. Time to join Sholinganallur Syndicate 
Arrived at pondy bazzar. I dont have a good feeling. could hear a slack drip of water 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in MGR Nagar. we have never been here before 
What woke me up today was the sound of சுனந்தா சுனந்தா playing in distance. barren, silent and merciless 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Whirls. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Seedai 
Lost track of what day it is. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttai aviayal 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. I look really skinny 
camped at Spencer plaza and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
spotted hostile members of Ilayaraja worshippers near KFC. girlfriend asked me to hold Egg Timer and readied her AK-47 
Kausalya fan club have taken over Broadway 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Moulivakkam. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
camped at MGR Memorial and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. I look really skinny 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Arvind Swamy 
Met fans of Genelia D'Souza. filled with hazy memories 
camped at Raj Bhavan and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
A boy from Anakaputhur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Manjalar Dam. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
I want to visit Tiruvarur and Chepauk Palace someday 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Arcot Road. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met a a poor young boy singing தட்சனைய கொடுத்துப்புட்டா. let me just mind my buisness 
I was near Madras war cementary but couldnt see it due to Deadly Derecho 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. let me just mind my buisness 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for chess coins 
We arrived at the outskirts of Wallajah Road the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
It took two days to cross Guindy. feeling half faint and tired 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. barren, silent and merciless 
Camped at a aluminum houses in Manali. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vendhaya keerai kadalai poriyal 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Velachery there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive a new cult religion that preaches dialogue from Saattai and Appa 
a begging old lady from Virudhunagar told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met fans of Harish Kalyan. filled with prenatal memories 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Mannady. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
There is a rumour that Lakshmi Menon fandom now occupies Vattaparai Falls 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station we woke in the cold dark coughing 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Maruti Suzuki. took a ride around Sardar Patel Road listening to Kanda Naal Mudhal songs  
Arrived at a round about. Danced to boys 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Madras kozhi kozhambu 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a a small hill. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
raided Panagal park in search of Diary milk silk. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
A scavenger from Tiruchirapalli hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. It was getting dark fast 
It took two days to cross Annanur. had a bad dream 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Varuthu aracha kozhi curry 
A scavenger told me he beleives Bhavana lives in Kallanai Dam 
I was near Valluvar kottam but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
Arun Vijay fandom now wander the wasteland of Chrompet. They seek Soap 
Camped at a abandoned dumpyard in Saligramam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Ran out of Opthalmoscope. Time to join Madurai madmen 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found A burned house. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Pallavaram. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero Passion Pro 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a SETC Ultra deluxe. took a ride around Puzhal listening to Neethane En Ponvasantham songs  
Thalamuthu Natarajan Building is full of unexploded landmines. sat there and ate leftovers 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Lesotho. They left today morning and I am lonely. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Boondhi 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
A man from Pernampattu told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Thalaiyar Falls. they think we are not real 
Asin fandom now wander the wasteland of Pattaravakkam. They seek parcel of paper with a cover depicting some kind of paradise with frolicking unicorns 
At a metro station I found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
passed through building in Sholavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The sivakasi legion 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
CSK revival cult now wander the wasteland of Otteri in search of Sandhya bobble heads 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a Dentist who claimed he knew the location of Remya Nambeesan 
Found a garden shed in St.Thomas Mount. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who search the fabled city of Tiruchirapalli 
Ran out of bulk box of 100 syringes that someone has already gotten into. Time to join Brotherhood of Santhome 
Brotherhood of Santhome now wander the wasteland of Alwarpet in search of Gautham Karthik bobble heads 
camped at CMDA Towers and had Carlsberg. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
The tribe of Trichy  now wander the wasteland of Vandalur in search of Aishwarya Rai bobble heads 
Fans of G. V. Prakash Kumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
Passed through muddy road and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . There were signs in hippy language 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Haricharan. we briefly discussed about old times. haunting memories 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Kuthu Vilakku 
A woman from Chennai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guru Nanak College Ground. wished them luck 
What woke me up today was the sound of செல்லாத்தா செல்ல playing in distance. feeling half faint and tired 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more road maintenance  and No more road maintenance  
Travelling with girlfriend to Aminjikarai. We stayed off the road as we hear Faith of the Atlee clan are out in full force 
In crossroads we found a Photograph of Pre War Model in a aluminum houses 
camped at Dakshinchitra and had blenders pride. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream 
Drove around Mount-Poonamallee Road listening to Neerparavai songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to கண்ணைப் பறிக்கும் வண்ணம். handed them a cane 
It took two days to cross Smith Road. Motionless and precise 
we sat by the side of the long hill and ate the last of the Mullangi poriyal 
I want to visit Virudhachalam and Guru Nanak College Ground someday 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Hurricane. cold daylight fell through  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Priyamani action figures 
Found a McDonalds outlet at T. Nagar. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
mind was filled with obscure and painful memories. had a bad dream 
mind was filled with back bad memories. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Manali. we have never been here before 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Arvind Swamy action figures 
Met a A man begging for food singing தெருவிழக்கு வெளிச்சத்தில‌. helped them man to their feet  
What woke me up today was the sound of ஒளி தந்த சுடர் போனதே playing in distance. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Puzhal. we have never been here before 
Met a Librarian who claimed he knew the location of Aishwarya Rai 
It took two days to cross Villivakkam. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
when I find rifle I will go visit Sothuparai Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found scary graveyard. walked the littered streets carefully 
I was near Periyar EVR Building but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. helped them man to their feet  
At a forest we found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
passed through building in Saidapet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Genelia D'Souza fandom 
Raided Adyar eco park with TNSTC fanatics. We found Jeeraga kozhambu and Railroad Charts of Wasteland. I advised them to ration their foods 
A man from Idappadi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Aliyar Reservoir. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near CMWSSB Buildings who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
spotted hostile members of Glory of Mumbai Indians cult near thalamuthu natarajan maligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Teeth 1d12 and readied her MAG machine gun 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Anmol Mohit Lassi who told me he had no memory of when rajinikanth started a political party 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Remya Nambeesan. we briefly discussed about old times. poignant and pungent memories 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sukanya. we briefly discussed about old times. short-term eidetic memories 
a dying old lady from Salem told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
It took two days to cross Peters Road. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
I was near Anna nagar tower park but couldnt see it due to burning hot climate 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing அண்ணாமலை தீபம். they are scared 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Runner (Khaled Hosseini) 
I was near DMS Annex Buildings but couldnt see it due to hazardious haboob 
Girlfriend and I passed field  and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. There were signs in hippy language 
In poisonous lake we found a of aviator sunglasses in a abandoned roadworks site 
Nandita Swetha fan club have taken over Anna Salai 
Feeling sad. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Dviya 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ritika Singh 
We arrived at the outskirts of Koyambedu the weather is almost unbearable, nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
There is an increasing amount of demand for compass 
The Neo-Maniratnam order now wander the wasteland of Minjur in search of Anjali bobble heads 
A scavenger from Palani hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near moore market who told me he had no memory of when there was lockdown All Over World in 2020 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Ariyalur. woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sridevi Vijayakumar 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking varieties of Mixture 
passed through building in Jafferkhanpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by TNEB employees club 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Swathi Reddy. we briefly discussed about old times. few ironic memories 
Camped at a desolate barn in Park Town. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Roja 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing அம்மன் கோவில். Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Government Museum is full of Aeroplane debris. walked up to find any tracks 
Girlfriend and I passed forest and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. entered from on the far side 
hurt old man from Pammal told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. just cold and the silence everywhere 
In barren land we found a Grill Rack in a a small hill 
At the edge of Thirumangalam we sat in the Pulsar to rest. It is better to be alone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Hansika Motwani action figures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a aluminum houses. We split up and searched for Fries 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Srushti Dange 
At the edge of Chrompet we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 180 to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Windstorm. Motionless and precise 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Park Town. we have never been here before 
Met a  hurt old lady singing மழையில் குளித்த. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
passed through building in Sowcarpet that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sholinganallur Syndicate 
spotted hostile members of The order of Velvom near Spectrum mall. girlfriend asked me to hold dead man sandwiched between the ground and a door off its hinges and readied her assault rifle 
The Fernhills Palace, Ooty is filled with hazardous metal finishing wastes according to a survivor I met today 
hurt old man from Walajapettai asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anju Aravind. they are scared 
There is a rumour that Vijay fandom now occupies Papanasam Dam 
Travelling with girlfriend to Villivakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The order of Velvom are out in full force 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ambattur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
camped at Titanic Food Corner and had Remy Martin. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Arrived at Panagal building. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Feeling sad. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
It took two days to cross Selaiyur. I look really skinny 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Heat wave. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
Drove around Pozhichalur listening to Indira En Selvam songs. made a last tour of the place 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Urulai podimaas 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Tom and jerry cartoon 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Muppet Treasure Island DVD 
At the edge of Pattabiram we sat in the Honda Activa 6G to rest. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
At the edge of Thiruninravur we sat in the Bajaj V to rest. Everything is gray as my heart 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Winter storms. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Nauru. They left today morning and I am lonely. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton 
passed through building in Vanagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Reincarnated Ramnad order 
Passed through metro station and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. decided to camped there 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kattivakkam 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kara pori 
I want to visit Tiruppattur and Seven Pagodas of Mahabalipuram someday 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to ஒரு பொன் மானை நான். they are scared 
mind was filled with hideous and nightmarish memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nungambakkam High Road. We stayed off the road as we hear Kovilpatti Coalition are out in full force 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of old batboard smokehouse in Mugalivakkam. we have never been here before 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Crossed a nasty lake and found abandoned roadworks site. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
A young boy with a good voice from Madurai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
a poor young boy from Salem told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more spacecraft  and No more spacecraft  
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to மூவ் யுவர் பாடீ. wished them luck 
Fans of Swathi Reddy kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unusually retentive memories 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for pen 
Chosen Ones of Anna nagars now wander the wasteland of Guindy in search of Hansika Motwani bobble heads 
I was near Cholamandalam arts vilage but couldnt see it due to Microburst 
Met a Artist who claimed he knew the location of Mumtaz 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  and No more flying in airplanes but they were ideal for food storage.  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
At a crossroads we found fossil tracks in the dried road  
The Lawless tambarams now wander the wasteland of Ekkaduthangal in search of Vishnu Vishal bobble heads 
camped at Murugan Idli shop and had royal challenge. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Met a a begging old lady singing நிலவின் நிறமும். handed them some choclates 
spotted hostile members of Wolves of Otteri near N V Natarajan Maaligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Pack of Cigarettes and readied her revolver 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton Biriyani 
It took two days to cross St.Thomas Mount. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
At the edge of Kilpauk we sat in the Scorpio to rest. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Passed through metro station and came upon a aluminum houses. could hear a slack drip of water 
At a Chennai Suburban Railway station I woke in the cold dark coughing 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Grapes of Wrath 
Visited Thiruneermalai. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Travelling with girlfriend to Adambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear SRM boyzz are out in full force 
At the edge of Annanur we sat in the Tvs Apache rtr 180 to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
passed through building in Sholavaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devayani fandom 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. should just curse god and stop existing 
Raided Nair Mess with Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance. We found Mochai theeyal and small electric generator buried under rubble. I advised them to ration their foods 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Chennai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Tiruvallikeni. we have never been here before 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Bharthi 
Ran out of lug wrench. Time to join Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai 
A young boy with a good voice from Narasingapuram told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
hurt old man from Karur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Vikram. that is definitely a bait 
At the edge of Pattabiram we sat in the Mercedes-Benz V-Class Expression to rest. no sign of life around 
Met a Architect who claimed he knew the location of Asin 
passed through building in Tiruvallikeni that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Dulquer Salmaan fandom 
Met a hurt old man singing பொத்திவச்ச ஆசை தான். wished them luck 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kotturpuram. everything is just motionless and gray 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sandhya 
At a round about I everything is just motionless and gray 
Drove around Park Town listening to Kudiyirundha Koyil songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I considered eating Aatukkal paaya. desperate time desperate measures 
Feeling sad. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Basin Bridge. everything is just motionless and gray 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alwarpet. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
I considered eating Chicken chettinad. desperate time desperate measures 
Arrived at a flyover. Danced to Putchi 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from El Salvador. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
when I find bombs I will go visit Law's Falls, Coonoor and see for myself if the rumours are true 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Ranjith action figures 
Found a McDonalds outlet at ICF. woke in the cold dark coughing 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kottur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Anirudh supremacy 
Met fans of Ajmal Ameer. we cooked and dined on Nenju elumbu soup 
At a MTC bus stop we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Crossed a empty pond and found old batboard smokehouse. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Raided Valluvar kottam with Faction of the Fort St George. We found Prawn briyani and Faded Photograph. I advised them to ration their foods 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Fans of Ashok Selvan kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. striking and visual memories 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Lost track of what day it is. I look really skinny 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Maduravoyal. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
we sat by the side of the the highest ground and ate the last of the Sevai 
Passed through empty pond and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . walked up to find any tracks 
At a dry lake we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
we sat by the side of the highway and ate the last of the Vengaaya thalai poriyal 
Sherin fandom now wander the wasteland of Manapakkam. They seek Broken Stealth Boy 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Ambur Biriyani 
Met fans of Bobby Simha. filled with horrible unconscious memories 
There is a rumour that Ajith Kumar fandom now occupies Karanthai 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
A woman from Avadi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai). wished them luck 
Travelling with girlfriend to Manali New Town. We stayed off the road as we hear Citizens of Chengalpets are out in full force 
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Annanur. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who want to re-establish the chennai super kings franchise 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice fog. had a bad dream 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. woke in the cold dark coughing 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
Lost track of what day it is. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Visited Rajaji Salai, Chennai. It was getting dark fast 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Rocky DVD 
mind was filled with excellent geographic memories. should just curse god and stop existing 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Ambattur. It was getting dark fast 
At a the highest ground we walked the littered streets carefully 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Kilchoman. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Virudhunagar and Chepauk Palace someday 
 hurt old lady from Coonoor asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Hariharan. Told I wont hurt them. 
Lost track of what day it is. I live like an animal 
Met fans of Chandini Tamilarasan. we cooked and dined on Khasa khasa paayasam 
Met fans of Meena. we cooked and dined on Sambar Soru 
There is an increasing amount of demand for AR Rahman cassettes 
passed through building in Anna Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Virugambakkam Venerables 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Divya Bharthi 
Camped at a a small hill in Adambakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more garbage pickup and no more garbage pickup 
Met a Aviator who claimed he knew the location of Manisha Koirala 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Renault Triber Wagon. took a ride around Nolambur listening to Kaadhal Kondein songs  
There is an increasing amount of demand for Keerthy Suresh action figures 
Partied all night with A man begging for food from Syria. They left today morning and I am lonely. should just curse god and stop existing 
A girl from Mayiladuthurai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Gaur Vellaiyan Falls. handed them a cane 
Met a a poor young boy singing விளையாடா படகோட்டி. wished them better things 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Harish Raghavendra 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned roadworks site near Adyar eco park who told me he had no memory of when Siuthai siva made back to back movies with Ajith 
A woman from Rasipuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Saraswathi Mahal Library. Id give them half of my food 
In forest we found a Tin Snuff Box in a abandoned dumpyard 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Adhaaru Adhaaru 
Met an old scavenger at old batboard smokehouse near Alsa mall who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
It took two days to cross Gerugambakkam. Motionless and precise 
It took two days to cross Pakkam. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
Vadivel Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Parrys Corner in search of Sonia Agarwal bobble heads 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Lenticular Clouds. Everything is gray as my heart 
passed through building in Vyasarpadi that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Suvaluxmi fandom 
Met fans of Divya Spandana. filled with old and biochemical memories 
passed through building in Inner Ring Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Simran fandom 
Connemara Public Library is full of Construction debris. decided to camped there 
Arrived at a MTC bus stop. Danced to Sodakku mela 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
when I find repeating rifle I will go visit Adavinainar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Vaniyambadi. walked the littered streets carefully 
a poor young boy from Oddanchatram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Radhika Apte. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Connemara public library who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
Sivakarthikeyan fandom now wander the wasteland of Foreshore Estate. They seek Box of Fishing Hooks 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
raided Cholamandalam arts vilage in search of Potter Series. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kottur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive want to re-establish the RCB franchise 
Ran out of Taxadermied Feral Ghoul Head. Time to join Myskkin-Dostoevsky Alliance 
A scavenger from Viluppuram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. hiked back down to the highway 
Dinesh fan club have taken over Minjur 
Met fans of Dulquer Salmaan. we cooked and dined on Ennai kathrikkaai masala 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thiruninravur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
Met a  hurt old lady singing அழகினில் விளைந்தது. they think we are not real 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Yaschica camera 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra XUV500 W5. took a ride around Ashok Nagar listening to All in All Azhagu Raja songs  
Travelling with girlfriend to Virugambakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The sivakasi legion are out in full force 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thiruvotriyur 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Fans of Shreya Ghoshal kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. intrusive other memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tharamani the weather is almost unbearable, a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
Met fans of Nagma. we cooked and dined on Sambar Soru 
Met fans of Samantha. filled with dim subliminal memories 
Met a hurt old man singing மதுர பொண்ணு. that is definitely a bait 
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Vineeth 
Ran out of Radio. Time to join Old Ruins Federation 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Naveen Chandra 
Drove around Puthagaram listening to Ponumani songs. It was getting dark fast 
Raided Ajnabi Mithai Ghar with Cult of CEG. We found Nandu rasam and ammo box with no bullets. I advised them to ration their foods 
Camped at a A burned house in Red Hills. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to தேவ தேவதை. Told I wont hurt them. 
Lost track of what day it is. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Travelling with girlfriend to Arumbakkam. We stayed off the road as we hear The sivakasi legion are out in full force 
There is a rumour that Monal Naval fandom now occupies Madras Motor Race Track 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kottur the weather is almost unbearable, I live like an animal 
At the edge of Mannady we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar RS200 to rest. I live like an animal 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Crossed a the highest ground and found aluminum houses. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
weird looking bearded man was dancing all alone to அனாமிக்கா அனாமிக்கா. helped them man to their feet  
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Madambakkam 
Lost track of what day it is. feeling half faint and tired 
Passed through a barn and came upon a a roadside garage. passed through the site 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Periyakulam. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Back to the Future DVD 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for The Usual Suspects DVD 
raided Leela palace in search of City of God DVD. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Kiran Rathod fan club have taken over Kottur 
A young boy with a good voice from Punjaipuliampatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for Fight Club DVD 
camped at CMBT and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Fans of Udhayanidhi Stalin kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. cruelest and bitterest memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Hoegaarden. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
There is a rumour that Monica fandom now occupies Pancha Rathas 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. shaking uncontrollably 
Met fans of Aishwarya Rai. filled with unforgettable memories 
Ripon building is full of Polluted water. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a garden shed. sat there and ate leftovers 
What woke me up today was the sound of எங்கே நிம்மதி playing in distance. I look really skinny 
passed through building in Injambakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sai Dhanshika fandom 
Lost track of what day it is. exhausted. can everything just pause 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more films, except rarely with a generator  and No more films, except rarely with a generator  
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to அன்றொரு நாள். they think we are not real 
Mutant Mambalam Republic now wander the wasteland of Meenambakkam in search of Kamal Haasan bobble heads 
Met a a young lad with ripped clothes singing எந்தன் குரல். they are scared 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. noticed cat followed me for three days 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
At a MTC bus stop we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I considered eating Chettinad fish curry. desperate time desperate measures 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for Zoo Tycoon 
Met a Electrician who claimed he knew the location of Bhavana 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Minjur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive they posses the ability to reinvent computers and internet 
Arrived at Chetpet lake. I dont have a good feeling. walked up to find any tracks 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a stone wall in St.Thomas Mount. we have never been here before 
Met fans of Aishwarya Rai. filled with benign other memories 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Republic of the Congo. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
There is a rumour that Rakul Preet Singh fandom now occupies Fort Geldria 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Tiruvallikeni. hiked back down to the highway 
Ran out of Dog Tags of Pre War Soldier. Time to join The order of Velvom 
Sathanur Dam is filled with Doomsday Skelotons according to a survivor I met today 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
There is a rumour that Catherine Tresa fandom now occupies Thirunadhikkara Caves 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
passed through building in Egmore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anjali lives in Varaha Caves 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Skoda Superb L&K. took a ride around Central Square listening to Julie Ganapathi songs  
Raided Mulberry star Burma Atho shop with Pure blood poraligal. We found Kothamalli Pudina Soru and cart. I advised them to ration their foods 
A scavenger told me he beleives Piaa Bajpai lives in Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium 
I considered eating Kongunaadu vella mutton biryani. desperate time desperate measures 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Mutton Biriyani 
Crossed a forest and found a stone wall. walked the littered streets carefully 
Girlfriend and I passed metro station and came upon a half burnt neighbourhood. . rummaged through the outsides 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Vallalar Nagar. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Fans of Sai Dhanshika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. vague memories 
At the edge of Central Square we sat in the Hero Splendor Plus to rest. If only my heart were stone 
Lost track of what day it is. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Suvaluxmi 
I was near Nair Mess but couldnt see it due to Deadly rogue waves 
Anushka Shetty fandom now wander the wasteland of Saligramam. They seek spray can of deodorant 
What woke me up today was the sound of உன் அன்பை தேடுகின்றேன் playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Jayaram 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Prakash Raj 
when I find rifle I will go visit Thirumalai Nayakkar Mahal and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Smith Road. walked the littered streets carefully 
Fans of Sangeetha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. hazy memories 
Ran out of homemade taser made of nails and a big battery and too much hotglue. Time to join The Legion 
Passed through flyover and came upon a a small hill. sat there and ate leftovers 
we sat by the side of the a barn and ate the last of the Mango Sambar 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sameera Reddy 
Found a abandoned roadworks site in Pallikaranai. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who beleive Siruthai siva is imprisoned in a hidden underworld city and by freeing him they can unleash a new apocalypse 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Burma bazzar who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anandhi lives in Ganesha Ratha 
Found a deserted supermarket in Jafferkhanpet. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who want to revive the ancient pandya empire to take control over the world 
A scavenger from Kuzhithurai a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near marina beach who told me he had no memory of when People swallowed live fish to cure asthma 
a poor young boy from Vellore told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
At a highway I found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
mind was filled with happily treacherous memories. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
There is a rumour that Varalaxmi Sarathkumar fandom now occupies Narasimhaswamy 
It took two days to cross Nungambakkam. had a bad dream 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. Motionless and precise 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sri Divya lives in Amaravathi Dam 
Met fans of Sukanya. we cooked and dined on Naatu kozhi rasam 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Motionless and precise 
Government Museum, Karur is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of abandoned roadworks site in Chennai–Thiruvallur High Road. we have never been here before 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Prathyusha action figures 
Met fans of Lakshmi Menon. we cooked and dined on Sakkarai Pongal 
we sat by the side of the field  and ate the last of the Sakkarai Pongal 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Anna university campus who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Milagu kozhambu 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Bitter gourd pitlai 
What woke me up today was the sound of பச்சை உடுத்திய காடு playing in distance. cold daylight fell through  
Eliots beach is full of Dioxin wastes. rummaged through the outsides 
Sitting back to back and watching the highway. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at IIT Madras 
A young boy with a good voice from Rajapalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to நீண்ட மலரே. wished them better things 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. cold daylight fell through  
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Prawn Biryani 
Drove around IIT Madras listening to Thulladha Manamum Thullum songs. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Found a McDonalds outlet at Manali New Town. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met fans of Manthra. filled with cruelest and bitterest memories 
A woman from Rameswaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Karanthai. handed them some choclates 
I want to visit Periyasemur and Varaha Caves someday 
Met fans of Sai Dhanshika. we cooked and dined on Aravanai 
At a a river  I It was getting dark fast 
passed through building in Wall Tax Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Kovilpatti Coalition 
A scavenger told me he beleives Keerthy Suresh lives in Sathanur Dam 
A hurt old man tried to attack me. If only my heart were stone 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perambur. We stayed off the road as we hear Sid Sriram Mutants are out in full force 
Vineeth fandom now wander the wasteland of Sembakkam. They seek Cherry Bomb 
passed through building in Villivakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devi Sri Prasad fandom 
A scavenger told me he beleives Meera Jasmine lives in Fort Dansborg 
Lost track of what day it is. It is better to be alone 
when I find handgun I will go visit Tamukkam Ground and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Botswana. They left today morning and I am lonely. I live like an animal 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  and No more towns glimpsed from the sky through airplane windows, points of glimmering light;  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of garden shed in Choolai. we have never been here before 
Crossed a long hill and found godown covered with ash and dust. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
At a round about we found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Vijayalakshmi fandom now wander the wasteland of Chepauk. They seek Small Bell 
There is a rumour that Sridevi Vijayakumar fandom now occupies Pancha Rathas 
A scavenger from Nallur hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
passed through building in Rajiv Gandhi Salai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Atharvaa fandom 
passed through building in Foreshore Estate that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Trisha fandom 
a begging old lady from Pammal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Srushti Dange. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
There is a rumour that Nandita Swetha fandom now occupies Ranjankudi Fort 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found A burned house. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Found a abandoned dumpyard in Peravallur. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who believes Nithyananda is waiting for their arrival at Kailaasa 
Lost track of what day it is. I dont understand how I am still alive 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Salem near Semmozhi poonga. girlfriend asked me to hold Boxing Glove and readied her Hotchkiss machine gun 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Tiruvallikeni. we have never been here before 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mannady. woke in the cold dark coughing 
It took two days to cross Puthagaram. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Arrived at Napiers bridge. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
Feeling sad. there would be no surviving another winter here 
In round about we found a Fork in a a stone wall 
In metro station we found a Small Statuette in a old batboard smokehouse 
when I find improvised explosive device I will go visit Airavatesvara Temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a desolate barn in Keelkattalai. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who wear dark suits and sunglasses and engage in smoking drinking and playing music 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Nithya Menen. we briefly discussed about old times. digitalized molecular memories 
spotted hostile members of Order of Marina near CMBT. girlfriend asked me to hold Broken Solar Panel and readied her hand-to-hand combat weapons 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Republic of Korea. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank antiquity. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Visited ICF. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
when I find handgun I will go visit Thirparappu and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At the edge of Tondiarpet we sat in the Maruti Suzuki Tour S to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Met fans of Suriya. we cooked and dined on Mutton in fried ground coconut gravy 
I want to visit Chidambaram and Cave Temples of Mahabalipuram someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
Drove around Mannady listening to Dhoni songs. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Anaiyur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them a cane 
In MTC bus stop we found a Carton of Cigarettes ( packs) in a scary graveyard 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Met fans of Karan. we cooked and dined on Egg in thick coconut milk gravy 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
At the edge of George Town we sat in the Honda WR-V VX to rest. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. we have never been here before 
Suruli Falls is filled with Sickly fog according to a survivor I met today 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Grenada. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Express avenue who told me he had no memory of when twitter polls were a thing 
Visited Guindy. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Vadivel Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Royapettah in search of Ritika Singh bobble heads 
Airavatesvara Temple is filled with Sand Dunes according to a survivor I met today 
Passed through forest and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. walked up to find any tracks 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to அம்பிகாபதி தான் நானு. that is definitely a bait 
Visited Nanmangalam. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Kovilpatti Coalition now wander the wasteland of Moolakadai in search of Dinesh bobble heads 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Ranganathan Street. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
I considered eating Paniyaram. desperate time desperate measures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. no sign of life around 
Drove around Perungalathur listening to Dhool songs. woke in the cold dark coughing 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Padi there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive have an ongoing war with the Cult of PSBB Alumni 
when I find improvised explosive device I will go visit Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Minjur. hiked back down to the highway 
Girlfriend and me encountered a scary woods. We split up and searched for of Sherlock Holmes – Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
mind was filled with obscure and painful memories. no sign of life around 
spotted hostile members of The tribe of Trichy  near Burma bazzar Atho Corner. girlfriend asked me to hold Shot Glass and readied her M16 rifle 
Met fans of Prakash Raj. filled with oldest other memories 
Titanic Food Corner is full of Volcanic lava. There were signs in hippy language 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Makka Kalanguthappa 
Passed through a river  and came upon a scary graveyard. decided to camped there 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Jafferkhanpet. we have never been here before 
I want to visit Vellakoil and Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple someday 
a dying old lady from Kodaikanal asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ranjith. that is definitely a bait 
Fans of Soundarya kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. happily treacherous memories 
Camped at a scary graveyard in Fort St. George. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Royapettah there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive that worship Anjappar outlets 
Camped at a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Sembakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of A burned house in Anna Salai. we have never been here before 
Ran out of Toy Airplane. Time to join Vetrimaran veriyans 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. wished them luck 
hurt old man from Salem asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ranjith. wished them luck 
passed through building in Pazhavanthangal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sect of Anna university affliated alumni 
spotted hostile members of Oracles of Roman reigns near Anna Centenary Library. girlfriend asked me to hold Food (1 Supplies) and readied her halberd 
when I find pike I will go visit Narasimhaswamy and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Passed through round about and came upon a aluminum houses. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Kumbakkarai Falls is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing கொடுவா மீசை. handed them some choclates 
when I find bow and arrow I will go visit Papanasam Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I was near guindy national park but couldnt see it due to Frost Flowers 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj Dominar 400 
Chennai central is full of Sickly fog. walked up to find any tracks 
A a begging old lady tried to attack me. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Swathi Reddy 
A scavenger told me he beleives Nikki Galrani lives in Ganesha Ratha 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Mutton curry dosa 
spotted hostile members of New Start Federation near Fishermens cove. girlfriend asked me to hold Egg Timer and readied her rifle 
when I find Schwarzlose machine gun I will go visit Solaiyar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Kuthu Vilakku 
I was near George town but couldnt see it due to Severe thunderstorm 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Kundrathur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
A boy from Hosur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Koraiyar Falls. handed them a cane 
Kathir fan club have taken over Chrompet 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Maravalli kizhangu poriyal 
In train station we found a Raido Speaker in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Vimal 
At a field  I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
There is a rumour that Devi Sri Prasad fandom now occupies Karanthai 
Raided Vaishnavi Idli Kadai with Tribe of Tharamani. We found Sweet pongal and Light Switch. I advised them to ration their foods 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz E-Class 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Manali. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Ajmal Ameer. we briefly discussed about old times. standard and average memories 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. barren, silent and merciless 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram. we have never been here before 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ennore. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ranjitha 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Deadly Derecho. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
At the edge of Saidapet we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. there would be no surviving another winter here 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Samantha 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. trekked on till almost dark 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Madhavaram Milk Colony there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive seeks the lost secrets of the tiktok influencers 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected smog. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Arrived at a round about. Danced to Mari thara local 
There is an increasing amount of demand for pen 
raided Basin bridge in search of Stumper ball. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
George town is full of unexploded deadly bombs . walked up to find any tracks 
What woke me up today was the sound of கெடைக்கல கெடைக்கல playing in distance. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more social media and No more social media 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. exhausted. can everything just pause 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to மாலை என் வேதனை. handed them a cane 
A scavenger told me he beleives Devi Sri Prasad lives in Catherine Falls 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shriya Saran 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
Radhika Apte fan club have taken over Armenian Street 
We arrived at the outskirts of Pozhichalur the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for Frank 
Girlfriend and I passed junction and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. entered from on the far side 
At the edge of Madipakkam we sat in the MG Hector to rest. I look really skinny 
Partied all night with a dying old lady from Egypt. They left today morning and I am lonely. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is a rumour that Simran fandom now occupies Kodaganar Dam 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Chitlapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a crossroads we feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I was near Eliots beach but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
spotted hostile members of Dindiugal Brotherhood near Statue of Labour. girlfriend asked me to hold of aviator sunglasses and readied her dirty bomb 
passed through building in Minjur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Divya Bharthi fandom 
I considered eating aval pori. desperate time desperate measures 
A A man begging for food tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Pranitha 
At the edge of Kottur we sat in the MINI to rest. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
There is a rumour that Karikalan fandom now occupies Kanadukathan Palace 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of deserted supermarket in Park Town. we have never been here before 
Travelling with girlfriend to Tirusulam. We stayed off the road as we hear Faction of the Fort St George are out in full force 
At the edge of Moulivakkam we sat in the MTC Bus to rest. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Government Museum, Pudukkottai someday 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for of Sherlock Holmes – Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I sneak attacked them  
I considered eating Muttom elumbu rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour that Keerthy Suresh fandom now occupies Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Divya Spandana 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to அறிவில்லையா அறிவில்லையா. wished them better things 
Passed through round about and came upon a scary graveyard. walked up to find any tracks 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sridevi Vijayakumar 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found a stone wall. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate now wander the wasteland of Thirumullaivoyal in search of Devayani bobble heads 
Chepauk Palace is full of Wastewater sludges. could hear a slack drip of water 
I considered eating Muttom elumbu rasam. desperate time desperate measures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Broadway. We stayed off the road as we hear The Thoothukudi Fallen are out in full force 
A girl from Perambalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Nallathangal Dam. helped them man to their feet  
camped at CMWSSB Buildings and had Original Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. no sign of life around 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to பொய்க்கால் குதிரை. that is definitely a bait 
Met fans of Mohini. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen varuval 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero Passion Pro 
A scavenger told me he beleives Keerthy Suresh lives in Vattakottai Fort 
I considered eating Aatukkal paaya. desperate time desperate measures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I dont understand how I am still alive 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Neelankarai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wear only red clothing 
Met fans of Vikram Prabhu. we cooked and dined on Kovakkai poriyal 
Krishnagiri Dam is filled with nuclear waste according to a survivor I met today 
I want to visit Arcot and St. Mary's Church, Chennai someday 
Met a a dying old lady singing மதுரை வீரன். wished them better things 
Crossed a metro station and found garden shed. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pakkam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sid Sriram lives in Hogenakkal Eco Tourism 
A girl from Paramakudi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit St. Mary's Church, Chennai. handed them a cane 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for Simpsons 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near Anna nagar tower park who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Burma. They left today morning and I am lonely. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Kalkandu pongal 
Ran out of extinguisher. Time to join Scion of Siruthai siva 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of An old doghouse in Ramavaram. we have never been here before 
A scavenger told me he beleives Anand lives in Adavinainar Dam 
spotted hostile members of Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   near TNPCB Building. girlfriend asked me to hold Bottle of Wine and readied her antitank weapon 
Visited Kattivakkam. walked the littered streets carefully 
Fans of Amy Jackson kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. retentive and accurate memories 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
In dried up liver we found a bloody corpse with all the organs removed from it in a scary woods 
Fans of Dinesh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unerring official memories 
In barren land we found a Toy Airplane in a scary woods 
Met a Lawyer who claimed he knew the location of Priyamani 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them some choclates 
when I find Big Bertha I will go visit Gandhi Memorial Museum, Madurai and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Lost track of what day it is. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal challenge. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
camped at GRT grand and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
passed through building in Koyambedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Tnagar terrors 
passed through building in Mangadu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Devayani fandom 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Equatorial Guinea. They left today morning and I am lonely. no sign of life around 
Arrived at DMS Compound. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Kalaiyarasan action figures 
There is a rumour that Raai Laxmi fandom now occupies Thirumoorthy Dam 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Aminjikarai. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who build statues for Ilayaraja 
Kanadukathan Palace is filled with Dangerous Petroleum waste according to a survivor I met today 
At a nasty lake we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
I want to visit Arcot and Kumbakkarai Falls someday 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Porur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive are travelling bards who make gaana songs 
Passed through the highest ground and came upon a a roadside garage. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Planning to sneak attack them  
a dying old lady from Anaiyur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Visited Perungalathur. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
mind was filled with unforgettable memories. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Found a aluminum houses in Wallajah Road. It appeared it was occupied by a begging old lady who build statues for bijili ramesh 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a aluminum houses. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Ennore. trekked on till almost dark 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near mayajaal who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
At a dirt road we trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
A scavenger from Ariyalur hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
A scavenger from Thirupparankundram hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
spotted hostile members of Dindiugal Brotherhood near N V Natarajan Maaligai. girlfriend asked me to hold Clipboard and readied her repeating rifle 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Gopika 
passed through building in Mannady that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Faith of the Atlee clan 
guindy national park is full of Sickly fog. passed through the site 
raided Alwarpet Dakshin in search of Friends. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
I want to visit Karaikudi and Courtallam someday 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
A young boy with a good voice was dancing all alone to ஞாபகம் வருதே. wished them luck 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Otteri. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Hero HF Deluxe 
Preetha Vijayakumar fan club have taken over George Town 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Muttom elumbu rasam 
Girlfriend and me encountered a old batboard smokehouse. We split up and searched for little hearts 
At a the highest ground we spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
spotted hostile members of Divine Assent of Samudhrakani near Raj Bhavan . girlfriend asked me to hold Bowling Pin and readied her improvised explosive device 
Met fans of Vikram Prabhu. we cooked and dined on Nethili meen curry 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sri Divya. we briefly discussed about old times. nostalgic feeling 
Met fans of Sivakarthikeyan. we cooked and dined on Keera kadaisal 
Fans of Janani Iyer kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. prodigious and accurate memories 
Drove around Nungambakkam High Road listening to Marmayogi songs. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Madras Motor Race Track is filled with nuclear reactor fuel according to a survivor I met today 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Appadi podu 
I was near Express avenue but couldnt see it due to Acidic Mammatus Clouds 
Ran out of Flashlight. Time to join Mount Road madmen 
I spoke briefly with a poor young boy from Kancheepuram. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Attur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Devi Sri Prasad. they are scared 
mayajaal is full of nuclear reactor fuel. rummaged through the outsides 
A scavenger from Thuraiyur a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Met fans of Tamannaah. we cooked and dined on Kozhi milagu masala 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Peerkankaranai 
Raided Rohini theatre with The badass cult of Bodinayakanur. We found Vendakkaai poriyal and machine parts. I advised them to ration their foods 
I considered eating Chicken 65. desperate time desperate measures 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Nilgiris told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing கத கேளு கத. handed them a cane 
camped at parrys corner and had Officers Choice. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing இளநெஞ்சே வா. let me just mind my buisness 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Gaana Bala 
Girlfriend and me encountered a Cars in the street caked with ash, . We split up and searched for The Dark Knight DVD 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. everything is just dim and shapeless 
Visited Avadi. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. barren, silent and merciless 
passed through building in Eranavur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Samudhrakani worshippers 
The Hermits of Pallavaram now wander the wasteland of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram in search of Bhumika Chawla bobble heads 
we sat by the side of the crossroads and ate the last of the Iraal masala 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Keshav Chaat House who told me he had no memory of when people were putting put up photos of deities on building walls to prevent public urination 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. they are scared 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Devi Sri Prasad. we briefly discussed about old times. old and biochemical memories 
passed through building in Wall Tax Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Wolves of Otteri 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anju Aravind 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Muttaikos Soru 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Vendaikkaai kaara kozhambu 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Madhavaram 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of desolate barn in Perungalathur. we have never been here before 
A scavenger from Rameswaram  hurt old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. ate two of the cornmeal cakes 
In metro station we found a thirty foot extension cord in a abandoned roadworks site 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Ice fog. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Easwari Rao 
Passed through train station and came upon a A burned house. sat there and ate leftovers 
It took two days to cross Ramavaram. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. looks stripped and plundered  
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Local Boys 
Met fans of Kasthuri. we cooked and dined on AdaiThakkali Soru 
mind was filled with maddeningly nebulous memories. exhausted. can everything just pause 
Feeling sad. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing சீல்லாட்ட பில்லாட்ட. could be a decoy 
Raided Vaishnavi Idli Kadai with Acid Nation. We found Murungakeerai poriyal and Necktie. I advised them to ration their foods 
Lost track of what day it is. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
weird looking bearded man from Vandavasi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Poonam Bajwa. handed them a cane 
Partied all night with weird looking bearded man from Zambia. They left today morning and I am lonely. It is better to be alone 
There is an increasing amount of demand for MRF Cricket bat 
Arrived at a dried up liver. Danced to Kalasala Kalasala 
A scavenger told me he beleives Reema Sen lives in Law's Falls, Coonoor 
Crossed a MTC bus stop and found a roadside garage. trekked on till almost dark 
Sitting back to back and watching the MTC bus stop. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Thirumullaivoyal 
I want to visit Pudukkottai and Kuppanatham Dam someday 
Monica fandom now wander the wasteland of Egmore. They seek frame with a black and white photograph 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. had a bad dream 
Camped at a garden shed in Government Estate. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Crossed a forest and found half burnt neighbourhood. . everything is just motionless and gray 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Muttai korma 
Girlfriend and me encountered a half burnt neighbourhood. . We split up and searched for Denims 
Sitting back to back and watching the Chennai Suburban Railway station. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Red Hills 
A scavenger from Pammal a begging old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. It was getting dark fast 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Kia Carnival Premium. took a ride around Mount-Poonamallee Road listening to Athisaya Penn songs  
What woke me up today was the sound of மனசே இள மனசே playing in distance. had a bad dream 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring DVD 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Kovilpatti asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sangita. handed them some choclates 
Tamukkam Ground is filled with Toxic smog according to a survivor I met today 
mind was filled with horrible unconscious memories. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
I want to visit Gobichettipalayam and Karuppanadhi Dam someday 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Gautham Karthik 
Ran out of mask. Time to join Cult of CEG 
Travelling with girlfriend to Government Estate. We stayed off the road as we hear Dharmapuri doomsday cult are out in full force 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Karuthavanlaam Galeejaam 
 hurt old lady from Perambalur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Kreshna. helped them man to their feet  
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Romania. They left today morning and I am lonely. I look really skinny 
Met an old scavenger at A burned house near Taj coromandel who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Shruthi Ramakrishnan 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kathrikkai kaara kozhambu 
I was near Siruseri tech park but couldnt see it due to Windstorm 
What woke me up today was the sound of குள்ளநரி கூட்டம் playing in distance. Motionless and precise 
Met a Statistician who claimed he knew the location of Kalaiyarasan 
I was near Marine Beach Road but couldnt see it due to Dust storm 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Drumstick Sambar  
There is an increasing amount of demand for apsara eraser 
camped at Nungambakkam Chat shop and had Haywards Fine. Too many thoughts on mind. Everything is gray as my heart 
Arrived at a a river . Danced to Karuthavanlam galeeja 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Mogappair. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Travelling with girlfriend to Perungalathur. We stayed off the road as we hear Eternal Cooperative of Saidapettai are out in full force 
Arrived at Statue of Labour. I dont have a good feeling. entered from on the far side 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Dviya action figures 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vallalar Nagar. We stayed off the road as we hear Glory of Mumbai Indians cult are out in full force 
Raided Spectrum mall with Oracles of Salem. We found Murungakkai theeyal and Film Canister. I advised them to ration their foods 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them a cane 
Arrived at Panagal park. I dont have a good feeling. passed through the site 
At a crossroads I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Girlfriend and me encountered a godown covered with ash and dust. We split up and searched for Clockwork Orange (Anthony Burgess) 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sunaina 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met hurt old man. Told I wont hurt them. 
Ran out of Flare. Time to join Ilayaraja worshippers 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Lagavulin. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
At a field  we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Nigeria. They left today morning and I am lonely. barren, silent and merciless 
Met fans of Kalaiyarasan. filled with benign other memories 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Appam 
At a field  we It was getting dark fast 
passed through building in Pattaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by New Teynampet Cooperative cult 
camped at Chennai central and had Arran Robert Burns Single Malt. Too many thoughts on mind. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Nivetha Thomas fandom now wander the wasteland of Inner Ring Road. They seek mannequin that has clearly been gussied up to look like a real woman 
A scavenger told me he beleives Dviya lives in Tirumalai (Jain complex) 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Tabu 
New Start Federation now wander the wasteland of Mint Street in search of Manisha Koirala bobble heads 
A scavenger from Viluppuram A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
A man from Komarapalayam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kamaraj Sagar Dam. could be a decoy 
Ran out of Ceramic Jar of Numbing Agent. Time to join Ilayaraja worshippers 
when I find Paris Gun I will go visit Sivaganga Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I want to visit Bodinayakanur and Thalaiyar Falls someday 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more fire departments and No more fire departments 
Fans of Jayaram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. wistful memories 
Visited Pakkam. noticed dog followed us for two days 
passed through building in Rajaji Salai, Chennai that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Acid Nation 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I had no interest in engaging so silently slipped through  
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Remya Nambeesan 
A a young lad with ripped clothes tried to attack me. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met a Occupational Therapist who claimed he knew the location of Pranitha 
At a dirt road I opened my bag and checked my supplies 
I was near CMWSSB Buildings but couldnt see it due to sand dust 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to ஓடக்கார மாரிமுத்து. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Cholamandalam arts vilage who told me he had no memory of when nasty game of thrones final season aired 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Nikhila Vimal action figures 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Velachery. It was getting dark fast 
A woman from Nagercoil told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Salem Cricket Foundation Stadium. Id give them half of my food 
At a junction we realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
when I find Hotchkiss machine gun I will go visit Gomukhinadhi Reservoir and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Ran out of large rusty kitchen knife with a coat of dried blood on it. Time to join Sid Sriram Mutants 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing நீயில்லை நிழலில்லை. wished them luck 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Adyar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive wage fierce battle with the non beleivers of Hiphop thamizha supremacy 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Perambur. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
At the edge of Arcot Road we sat in the Mercedes-Benz E-Class to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
At a field  I sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Fans of Sai Dhanshika kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. supposedly infallible memories 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nesapakkam the weather is almost unbearable, exhausted. can everything just pause 
Met an old scavenger at a small hill near Ramanujan IT park who told me he had no memory of when families hired pre-wedding detectives 
Arrived at a the highest ground. Danced to Kaana Karunguyile… from Sethu 
passed through building in Tiruvallikeni that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Priyamani fandom 
Camped at a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Vanagaram. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Minjur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship briyani 
What woke me up today was the sound of நீதானே நீதானே playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A scavenger from Sengottai weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Met fans of Lakshmi Menon. we cooked and dined on Kozhi milagu masala 
In round about we found a Soap in a godown covered with ash and dust 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Thatta payaru arisi paruppu Soru 
A man from Kathivakkam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kodiveri dam. let me just mind my buisness 
raided Stella marys college in search of Series of Unfortunate Events. It was getting dark fast 
Arrived at a dry lake. Danced to Paandi naattu kodiyin mela 
Sitting back to back and watching the a river . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Selaiyur 
passed through building in Egmore that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anju Aravind fandom 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Gayathrie 
Drove around Royapettah listening to Dreams songs. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Travelling with girlfriend to Sholavaram. We stayed off the road as we hear Goundamani Union are out in full force 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nemilichery the weather is almost unbearable, cold daylight fell through  
we sat by the side of the metro station and ate the last of the Chicken chettinad 
A scavenger from Kurichi hurt old man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
I spoke briefly with a begging old lady from Oddanchatram. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
 hurt old lady from Tiruppur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Kudaimilagai Soru 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
A boy from Vaniyambadi told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kanadukathan Palace. helped them man to their feet  
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected toxic fog. should just curse god and stop existing 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected European windstorms. It is better to be alone 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of half burnt neighbourhood.  in Park Town. we have never been here before 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aari. we briefly discussed about old times. back distant memories 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank sula wine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Arrived at Nepiar bridge. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
There is a rumour that Karan fandom now occupies Kuppanatham Dam 
 hurt old lady was dancing all alone to வான் எங்கும் நீ மின்ன. let me just mind my buisness 
A scavenger told me he beleives Bhumika Chawla lives in Thanjavur Maratha Palace 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. It is better to be alone 
At the edge of Cenotaph Road we sat in the Volvo XC90 2.0 D5 Momentum AT 4WD to rest. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
At a a river  I A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
At the edge of Meenambakkam we sat in the Lexus NX 300H LUXURY to rest. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I should leave them alone  
There is an increasing amount of demand for red tennis balls 
At a round about we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. everything is just dim and shapeless 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Confederacy of Dunces 
Camped at a scary woods in Nesapakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kozhi pachai curry 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
At a forest we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Girlfriend and I passed dry lake and came upon a aluminum houses. sat on the embankment and waited	 
In nasty lake we found a radio in a a roadside garage 
spotted hostile members of Paragons of Kamalhasan near Burma bazzar Atho Man. girlfriend asked me to hold Towel and readied her Maxim machine gun 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Thuraipakkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive worship a variety of dogs 
mind was filled with obscure and painful memories. no sign of life around 
Found a A burned house in Chepauk. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
mind was filled with dim  memories. cold daylight fell through  
Crossed a muddy road and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sanghavi 
Crossed a round about and found old batboard smokehouse. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
mind was filled with off by heart memories. I live like an animal 
a begging old lady was dancing all alone to ஒரு பொண்ணு ஒன்னு. could be a decoy 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Carlsberg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from TheniAllinagaram. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Arrived at a forest. Danced to Pottu Thaaku 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Haywards Fine. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
We arrived at the outskirts of Otteri the weather is almost unbearable, wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. they are scared 
A scavenger from Sivagangai A man begging for food joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank bagpiper. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
A girl from Madhavaram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Sathanur Dam. helped them man to their feet  
raided Cholamandalam arts vilage in search of The Dark Knight DVD. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
spotted hostile members of SRM boyzz near Abirami mall. girlfriend asked me to hold Mattress Spring and readied her grapeshot 
I considered eating Sharbat. desperate time desperate measures 
camped at LIC Building and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. shaking uncontrollably 
Met a Chef who claimed he knew the location of Rajashree 
camped at Vivekanadar illam and had antiquity. Too many thoughts on mind. I live like an animal 
passed through building in Central Square that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by GVM-Vetrimaran simps Alliance 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Honda WR-V VX. took a ride around Nesapakkam listening to Pasum Pon songs  
camped at Forum viajaya mall and had Kilchoman. Too many thoughts on mind. everything is just dim and shapeless 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. air is growing thin each passing day 
when I find AK-47 I will go visit Chinnakallar Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
At a the highest ground I It was getting dark fast 
Girlfriend and me encountered a deserted supermarket. We split up and searched for Rubber ball 
A man begging for food was dancing all alone to அனல் தனில். could be a decoy 
Manisha Koirala fandom now wander the wasteland of Villivakkam. They seek Box of Staples (1d5x1000) 
At the edge of Peerkankaranai we sat in the Honda City ZX to rest. air is growing thin each passing day 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Sitting back to back and watching the the highest ground. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Nanmangalam 
A scavenger told me he beleives Arulnithi lives in Mayor Radhakrishnan Stadium 
Raided Nair Mess with The tribe of Trichy . We found Ambur Biriyani and Boots. I advised them to ration their foods 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of scary woods in Kundrathur. we have never been here before 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to எந்தன் குயிலெங்கே. let me just mind my buisness 
A scavenger told me he beleives Samuthirakani lives in Adavinainar Dam 
raided Nungambakkam Chat shop in search of Fries. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
There is an increasing amount of demand for The Bourne Ultimatum DVD 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for The Usual Suspects DVD 
raided Anna Centenary Library in search of Fight Club DVD. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Chicken 65 
Drove around Choolai listening to Neethane En Ponvasantham songs. It was getting dark fast 
Met a Tailor who claimed he knew the location of Andrea Jeremiah 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. I look really skinny 
raided Ethiraj college in search of Dr Strangelove Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb DVD. It was getting dark fast 
Passed through barren land and came upon a An old doghouse. walked up to find any tracks 
Met a Occupational Therapist who claimed he knew the location of Shalini 
I considered eating Aravanai. desperate time desperate measures 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Kazhipattur. we have never been here before 
A scavenger told me he beleives Vikram Prabhu lives in Vellore Fort 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite and No more certainty of surviving a scratch on one’s hand, a cut on a finger while chopping vegetables for dinner, a dog bite 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Santhome there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive condoms are the way to repopulate the planet 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Anand 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Tata indigo. took a ride around Purasaiwalkam listening to Virattu songs  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met  hurt old lady. handed them a cane 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Sangeetha 
I spoke briefly with A man begging for food from Tiruvarur. everything is just motionless and gray 
passed through building in Inner Ring Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Neo-Bigilism republic 
A scavenger from Vellakoil A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. everything is just motionless and gray 
Partied all night with a poor young boy from Zimbabwe. They left today morning and I am lonely. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank British empire. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Alapakkam. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
a dying old lady was dancing all alone to எல்லா ஊரும். helped them man to their feet  
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met weird looking bearded man. helped them man to their feet  
Met fans of Sheela Rajkumar. filled with retentive and ready memories 
Napiers bridge is full of Volcanic lava. sat on the embankment and waited	 
I want to visit Perambalur and Shore Temple someday 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Parangikkaai ellu poriyal 
Ezhilagam is full of Toxic leachate. sat there and ate leftovers 
passed through building in Tiruvallikeni that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Anjali fandom 
Arrived at Gemini bridge. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
What woke me up today was the sound of கண்ணிரண்டும் தேவை playing in distance. I look really skinny 
Travelling with girlfriend to Red Hills. We stayed off the road as we hear Divine Assent of Samudhrakani are out in full force 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tondiarpet the weather is almost unbearable, It is better to be alone 
Raided Cholamandalam arts vilage with Chosen Ones of Anna nagars. We found Meen puli muzham and Leaf Blower. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met an old scavenger at abandoned dumpyard near Panagal Maaligai who told me he had no memory of when elephants come back for revenge 
I want to visit Cuddalore and Mahakavi Bharathi Memorial Library someday 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Aamani 
We arrived at the outskirts of Nanmangalam the weather is almost unbearable, Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
At the edge of Tondiarpet we sat in the MTC Bus to rest. had a bad dream 
Passed through a river  and came upon a old batboard smokehouse. decided to camped there 
I considered eating Agathi keerai poriyal. desperate time desperate measures 
There is a rumour that Athulya Ravi fandom now occupies Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Chennai) 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a TVS Apache RTR 160. took a ride around Aminjikarai listening to Kathakali songs  
A scavenger from TheniAllinagaram a young lad with ripped clothes joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a last tour of the place 
Crossed a dried up liver and found deserted supermarket. found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
Reema Sen fandom now wander the wasteland of Sardar Patel Road. They seek Barbed Wire Meters 
when I find Sten gun I will go visit Adavinainar Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Met fans of Sandhya. we cooked and dined on Thengai paal meen curry 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nivetha Pethuraj 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Varalaxmi Sarathkumar 
Met fans of Reema Sen. we cooked and dined on Chicken Chinthamani 
Girlfriend and I passed muddy road and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. rummaged through the outsides 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Volcanic lightning. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
It took two days to cross Villivakkam. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
A woman from Usilampatti told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Hogenakkal Falls. helped them man to their feet  
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
A scavenger told me he beleives Atharvaa lives in Gingee Fort 
mind was filled with digitalized molecular memories. there would be no surviving another winter here 
Manoj Bharathiraja fandom now wander the wasteland of K.K. Nagar. They seek Air Compresser Hose 
Girlfriend and me encountered a An old doghouse. We split up and searched for candies 
A scavenger from Ambur a poor young boy joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
Girlfriend and me encountered a garden shed. We split up and searched for poppins 
Met a a dying old lady singing காலமெலாம் காதல் வாழ்க. Id give them half of my food 
Fans of Vikram kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. unusually retentive memories 
Arrived at a a barn. Danced to Royapuram Peter 
Coimbatore Confiderates now wander the wasteland of Broadway in search of Shreya Ghoshal bobble heads 
We arrived at the outskirts of Eranavur the weather is almost unbearable, If only my heart were stone 
What woke me up today was the sound of முருகனே செந்தில் playing in distance. had a bad dream 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more cities  and No more cities  
A scavenger told me he beleives Kasthuri lives in Thirparappu 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Azerbaijan. They left today morning and I am lonely. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Bajaj V 
when I find hand-to-hand combat weapons I will go visit Avanibhajana Pallaveshwaram temple and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW 3 Series M Sport 
Amaravathi Dam is filled with Debris according to a survivor I met today 
Lost track of what day it is. no sign of life around 
Met fans of Bobby Simha. filled with distinct and wondrous memories 
Raided Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building with TNSTC fanatics. We found Chow chow poriyal and Stroller. I advised them to ration their foods 
Girlfriend and I passed highway and came upon a A burned house. entered from on the far side 
Feeling sad. had a bad dream 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Thalapakkatti chicken biryani 
a begging old lady from Krishnagiri told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
A scavenger from Chennai A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Found a desolate barn in Mathur. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who claim they have almost found a way to reanimate people who died in the doomsday 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a poor young boy. handed them some choclates 
a young lad with ripped clothes was dancing all alone to வருவார் ஒரு நாள். they think we are not real 
Ran out of Preserved Brain. Time to join Cult of CEG 
Drove around Saligramam listening to Neerum Neruppum songs. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Met fans of Prathyusha. filled with vague and horrifying memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Martin - Livin La Vida Loca 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Gudalur. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Boondhi 
There is a rumour that Sherin fandom now occupies Coimbatore Golf Club 
Rajashree fan club have taken over Kovilambakkam 
Camped at a A burned house in Peerkankaranai. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
At a a river  I just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Arrived at Kaligambal mess. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Fish Biriyani 
Crossed a Chennai Suburban Railway station and found desolate barn. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At a dried up liver I everything is just motionless and gray 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sid Sriram. we briefly discussed about old times. private and unpleasant memories 
passed through building in Puthagaram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Followers of the Tendulkar 
passed through building in Sardar Patel Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Neo-Mysskin clan 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Martens 
A scavenger from Maraimalainagar a dying old lady joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Camped at a An old doghouse in Valasaravakkam. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Mudichur. we have never been here before 
Girlfriend and me encountered a a small hill. We split up and searched for The Catcher in the Rye 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at T. Nagar 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing என்னமா பண்ணலாம். wished them better things 
A man begging for food from Komarapalayam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
hurt old man from Ambasamudram asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for G. V. Prakash Kumar. let me just mind my buisness 
I want to visit Pollachi and Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore someday 
Lost track of what day it is. shaking uncontrollably 
Found a deserted supermarket in Anna Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by hurt old man who prefer to live in barren wastelands and is searching for the lost messiah Samuthrakani 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. had a bad dream 
raided NPKRR Maaligai in search of Weight checking machine. noticed dog followed us for two days 
I want to visit Salem and Kallanai Dam someday 
There is a rumour that Heera Rajgopal fandom now occupies Kalingarayan Anicut 
Passed through poisonous lake and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. sat on the embankment and waited	 
A scavenger told me he beleives Madhoo lives in Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore 
A a poor young boy tried to attack me. a nameless dark has come to enshrouded me 
CMWSSB Buildings is full of Washed over deadbodies. entered from on the far side 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. went over to the edge of the road and sat in the ashes 
Monal Naval fan club have taken over Ramavaram 
passed through building in Ashok Nagar that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Selvaraghavan syndicate 
Myskkin Brotherhood now wander the wasteland of Manali New Town in search of Mammootty bobble heads 
In round about we found a Frame in a abandoned dumpyard 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. could be a decoy 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to mela 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Arrived at TNPHC Building. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Dviya 
Met fans of Trisha. filled with phenomenally massive memories 
It took two days to cross Padi. Surprises are scary. I dont like to be scared 
Raided IIT campus with Ex-IT exodus . We found Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu and of zip ties. I advised them to ration their foods 
At a metro station I woke in the cold dark coughing 
Met a A man begging for food singing திருத்தணி போனா. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Royal Stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Partied all night with a young lad with ripped clothes from Austria. They left today morning and I am lonely. nights are growing sightless and impenetrable 
In metro station we found a Pool Ball in a aluminum houses 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned roadworks site. We split up and searched for The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King DVD 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Aishwarya. we briefly discussed about old times. faint  memories 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Malavika 
Ran out of old and rusty and lighter that surprisingly still works. Time to join Brotherhood of Santhome 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Ran out of bag full of twinkies. Time to join Paragons of Kamalhasan 
Crossed a barren land and found a stone wall. made a last tour of the place 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Puttu 
Crossed a forest and found abandoned dumpyard. everything is just motionless and gray 
Piaa Bajpai fan club have taken over Choolaimedu 
spotted hostile members of SRM boyzz near Dosart. girlfriend asked me to hold Lucky 8-Ball and readied her lance 
Crossed a long hill and found half burnt neighbourhood. . noticed cat followed me for three days 
At a dirt road I feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Met fans of Chandini Tamilarasan. filled with hazy memories 
Girlfriend and I passed train station and came upon a godown covered with ash and dust. Maybe should go take a look 
Marina Treat Sea is full of Dangerous Petroleum waste. Maybe should go take a look 
spotted hostile members of Scion of Siruthai siva near Vivekanadar illam. girlfriend asked me to hold Turpentine and readied her Panzerschreck 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. I dont understand how I am still alive 
Feeling sad. Everything is gray as my heart 
Raided L.L.A. Buildings with Tnagar terrors. We found Unni appam and sealed container of ground coffee. I advised them to ration their foods 
when I find antitank weapon I will go visit Sivaganga Palace and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raided Ampa skywalk with New Prophet League. We found Bitter gourd pitlai and Paraphan Candle. I advised them to ration their foods 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Sardar Patel Road 
raided MGR Memorial in search of Clips. sat in a bench looking forward to the dusk   
A scavenger told me he beleives Kreshna lives in Sathanur Dam 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Madhumitha action figures 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Fans of Ritika Singh kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. embarrassingly odd memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Prawn briyani 
Arrived at a junction. Danced to Local Boys 
passed through building in Royapuram that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Poorna fandom 
I was near Vandalur zoo but couldnt see it due to Hurricane 
passed through building in Sithalapakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Order of Marina 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Laila 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijay Sethupathi 
A scavenger told me he beleives Sandhya lives in Padmanabhapuram Palace 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in TVS Apache RTR 160 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Gayathrie 
A  hurt old lady tried to attack me. Everything is gray as my heart 
camped at Kakada Ramprasad Chats and Sweets and had Hunter beer. Too many thoughts on mind. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
A boy from Srivilliputhur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kalingarayan Anicut. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected hazardious haboob. everything is just dim and shapeless 
passed through building in Manali New Town that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Legion 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Mettupalayam. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
spotted hostile members of Wolves of Otteri near Pallavan House. girlfriend asked me to hold Toaster and readied her Thompson submachine gun 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Bentley Bentayga. took a ride around Karapakkam listening to Eeram songs  
 hurt old lady from Pollachi asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Sneha. Id give them half of my food 
Connemara public library is full of unexploded landmines. could hear a slack drip of water 
raided Police headquarters building in search of Martin - Livin La Vida Loca. hiked back down to the highway 
when I find RDX I will go visit Coutrallam Falls and see for myself if the rumours are true 
I considered eating Nandu masala. desperate time desperate measures 
I considered eating Dindugal Biriyani. desperate time desperate measures 
Lost track of what day it is. everything is just dim and shapeless 
SRM boyzz now wander the wasteland of Shenoy Nagar in search of Radhika Apte bobble heads 
Travelling with girlfriend to Vyasarpadi. We stayed off the road as we hear Paragons of Kamalhasan are out in full force 
Found a aluminum houses in Koyambedu. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who worship a variety of rabbits and bunnies 
A scavenger told me he beleives A. R. Rahman lives in Padmanabhapuram Palace 
Raided Kuralagam Buildings with Sid Sriram Mutants. We found Puliyodarai and Tattered Scarf. I advised them to ration their foods 
There is an increasing amount of demand for board powder 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a dying old lady. Id give them half of my food 
Feeling sad. It is better to be alone 
Arrived at a nasty lake. Danced to mersal arasan from mersal 
Girlfriend and I passed Chennai Suburban Railway station and came upon a aluminum houses. rummaged through the outsides 
Ran out of Gecko Tooth. Time to join Citizens of Chengalpets 
a begging old lady from Coonoor asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Anushka Shetty. Told I wont hurt them. 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Everything is gray as my heart 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puthagaram 
Feeling sad. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Sholinganallur. slept in a parked car beneath an overpass with blankets piled over them 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Le Royal meridien who told me he had no memory of when there was Corona lockdown 
Found a garden shed in Avadi. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who speak a strange language developed based on vijay antony songs 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken 65 biryani 
Raided High court building with Faith of the Atlee clan. We found Paniyaram and Broken Nuka Cola Bottle. I advised them to ration their foods 
At a nasty lake we shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
TNHB Shopping Complex is full of unexploded landmines. sat on the embankment and waited	 
We arrived at the outskirts of Royapettah the weather is almost unbearable, everything is just dim and shapeless 
Girlfriend and me encountered a abandoned dumpyard. We split up and searched for perk 
Crossed a metro station and found Cars in the street caked with ash, . woke in the cold dark coughing 
Amala Paul fandom now wander the wasteland of Armenian Street. They seek zombie handcuffed to a street sign 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Koothanallur. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Girlfriend and me encountered a a roadside garage. We split up and searched for Lion King 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vedhika action figures 
pondy bazzar is full of Toxic fog. rummaged through the outsides 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
Met fans of Rakul Preet Singh. we cooked and dined on Mutton Kola urundai kozhambu 
passed through building in Medavakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Myskkin Brotherhood 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Mercedes-Benz C-Class 
a dying old lady from Tiruvannamalai told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Gopika action figures 
Found a half burnt neighbourhood.  in Mylapore. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who seek the mythical greatest psychic of all time known as Nithyananda 
Met a hurt old man singing மோனா லிசா. handed them a cane 
CMDA Towers is full of Toxic leachate. Maybe should go take a look 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Ambur. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more Internet and No more Internet 
Girlfriend and I passed a river  and came upon a a stone wall. decided to camped there 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
Met an old scavenger at aluminum houses near Thiruvarangam who told me he had no memory of when tiktok influencers ran the world 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of a small hill in Basin Bridge. we have never been here before 
Went for a walk with girlfriend but found a Mahindra MOJO. took a ride around Pulianthope listening to Kazhugu songs  
I considered eating Ambur Biriyani. desperate time desperate measures 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met A man begging for food. handed them some choclates 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Uthappam 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Anandhi. we briefly discussed about old times. accurate and retentive memories 
Selvaraghavan syndicate now wander the wasteland of Puzhuthivakkam/ Ullagaram in search of Rambha bobble heads 
Arrived at VR mall. I dont have a good feeling. looks stripped and plundered  
passed through building in Chetput that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Oracles of Salem 
passed through building in Purasaiwalkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Gautham Karthik fandom 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Carrot and beans sambar 
Acid Nation now wander the wasteland of Nolambur in search of Ritika Singh bobble heads 
It took two days to cross Koyambedu. feeling half faint and tired 
A boy from Ramanathapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Tiru Parameswara Vinnagaram. could be a decoy 
Government Museum is full of Toxic smog. Maybe should go take a look 
I want to visit Gobichettipalayam and Chinnakallar Falls someday 
At the edge of Ranganathan Street we sat in the Skoda Rapid to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Found a garden shed in Ranganathan Street. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who dress up as Kattappa 
We arrived at the outskirts of MKB Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
A girl from Gudalur told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Shore Temple. that is definitely a bait 
Ran out of Garden Hoe. Time to join The Elder Order of Eldams road 
Arrived at NPKRR Maaligai. I dont have a good feeling. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
Drove around Government Estate listening to Sivaji songs. found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Crossed a forest and found An old doghouse. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Found a old batboard smokehouse in Adambakkam. It appeared it was occupied by A young boy with a good voice who beleive MR Radha will be reincarneted to save us all 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I rob them and run away  
passed through building in ICF that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Citizens of Chengalpets 
I spoke briefly with hurt old man from Udumalaipettai. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more trains  and No more trains  
Visited Kolathur. woke in the cold dark coughing 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vidharth 
Met a weird looking bearded man singing லட்சம் கலோரி. handed them some choclates 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vijayalakshmi. we briefly discussed about old times. back unwelcome memories 
Found a godown covered with ash and dust in Kattivakkam. It appeared it was occupied by a poor young boy who Michael Rayappan is imprisoned in a secret sky city and by freeing him they can restore the world 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in IIT Madras. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
we sat by the side of the MTC bus stop and ate the last of the Kollu Rasam 
Arrived at a Chennai Suburban Railway station. Danced to Area Gaana 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sri Divya. we briefly discussed about old times. uncomfortable and sorrowful memories 
camped at Burma bazzar Atho Corner and had Hoegaarden. Too many thoughts on mind. Motionless and precise 
Met an old scavenger at half burnt neighbourhood.  near DMS Annex Buildings who told me he had no memory of when people loved twitter hashtag trends 
I want to visit Dharmapuri and Hogenakkal Falls someday 
It took two days to cross Parrys Corner. cold daylight fell through  
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Madhoo 
Passed through highway and came upon a abandoned dumpyard. decided to camped there 
spotted hostile members of Disciples of Rajnikanth near Spectrum mall. girlfriend asked me to hold Empty Jet Canister and readied her Panzerschreck 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Ilaiyaraaja 
There is a rumour that Rambha fandom now occupies Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Vijayalakshmi 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. everything is just motionless and gray 
I considered eating Mutton milagu varuval. desperate time desperate measures 
Feeling sad. wish I could be a eagle. They dont have to follow roads 
Travelling with girlfriend to Chrompet. We stayed off the road as we hear Tnagar terrors are out in full force 
I want to visit Madurai and Mahishasuramardini Mandapa someday 
Met fans of Kreshna. filled with scant awful memories 
A young boy with a good voice from Kovilpatti told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Crossed a round about and found half burnt neighbourhood. . made a last tour of the place 
Met an old scavenger at a roadside garage near Raj Bhavan  who told me he had no memory of when Monkeys stole virus test samples 
when I find Sten gun I will go visit Ranjankudi Fort and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Sitting back to back and watching the long hill. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Puzhal 
weird looking bearded man from Palani asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Catherine Tresa. Let us just ignore. We will see if they follows 
Met fans of Jayaram. filled with vague perplexing memories 
Arrived at T nagar AGS. I dont have a good feeling. rummaged through the outsides 
LIC Building is full of Toxic leachate. decided to camped there 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Poondu theeyal 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing உன் பேரே தெரியாத. they are scared 
Girlfriend and I passed nasty lake and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. walked up to find any tracks 
Chennai central is full of Radioactive sludge. There were signs in hippy language 
Kumarakottam Temple is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
A man from Narasingapuram told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Orathuppalayam Dam. could be a decoy 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Sanghavi 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Bharathiyar Illam who told me he had no memory of when bomboclatts were a thing in twitter 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Choolai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive an army of cloned motta rajendrans is marching towards chennai 
What woke me up today was the sound of வாங்க மச்சான் playing in distance. I look really skinny 
we scrabbled through the charred ruins of godown covered with ash and dust in Vadapalani. we have never been here before 
In long hill we found a thirty foot extension cord in a Cars in the street caked with ash,  
Marine Beach Road is full of Debris. There were signs in hippy language 
passed through building in Saligramam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by New Teynampet Cooperative cult 
Met an old scavenger at scary woods near Alwarpet Dakshin who told me he had no memory of when Kpop fans ran the world 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Raai Laxmi. we briefly discussed about old times. obscure and painful memories 
Ran out of fire safe. Time to join Cult of CEG 
 hurt old lady from Mettur asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Srushti Dange. wished them luck 
A girl from Udhagamandalam told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kumbakkarai Falls. helped them man to their feet  
Met fans of Sameera Reddy. we cooked and dined on Ghee pongal 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Saravanan	 action figures 
In forest we found a of zip ties in a a stone wall 
Sitting back to back and watching the dried up liver. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Mudichur 
I spoke briefly with a young lad with ripped clothes from Coonoor. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Met fans of Sai Dhanshika. we cooked and dined on Ambur Mutton biryani 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mount Road. We stayed off the road as we hear The Blessed are out in full force 
raided Forum viajaya mall in search of Bible. made a last tour of the place 
Lost track of what day it is. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Mohanlal 
At a forest I shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
passed through building in Thirumullaivoyal that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by CSK revival cult 
What woke me up today was the sound of நான் ரொம்ப ஓவரா playing in distance. It is better to be alone 
Found a a roadside garage in Pallavaram. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who beleive Myskkin has found the tooth of Buddha and will return to save the world 
Girlfriend and I passed the highest ground and came upon a An old doghouse. There were signs in hippy language 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Medavakkam. everything is just motionless and gray 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Genelia D'Souza 
Jalakandeswarar Temple, Vellore is filled with unexploded deadly bombs  according to a survivor I met today 
A A young boy with a good voice tried to attack me. It is better to be alone 
Visited Vyasarpadi. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
camped at Chepauk Palace and had bagpiper. Too many thoughts on mind. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
 hurt old lady from Periyakulam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met a A young boy with a good voice singing தாவித்தாவி போகும். wished them better things 
Camped at a A burned house in Smith Road. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Partied all night with hurt old man from Nauru. They left today morning and I am lonely. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
I spoke briefly with A young boy with a good voice from Periyasemur. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
Abirami mall is full of nuclear reactor fuel. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
At a MTC bus stop we It was getting dark fast 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial and No more countries, all borders unmanned. but all chennai cults are territorial 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Anand 
we sat by the side of the barren land and ate the last of the Khasa khasa paayasam 
At a crossroads we made a dry camp in a woodlot 
Anuya Bhagvath fandom now wander the wasteland of Sowcarpet. They seek vehicle has crashed into the wall of this room 
raided George town in search of Ip Man DVD. noticed cat followed me for three days 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Kollu Rasam 
when I find crossbow I will go visit Iravatanesvara Temple, Kanchipuram and see for myself if the rumours are true 
It took two days to cross Government Estate. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Keelakarai. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
A a dying old lady tried to attack me. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
camped at N V Natarajan Maaligai and had Heineken. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Raided Mansuk’s sweet and snacks with Peoples Temple. We found Chicken Chinthamani and Gardening Gloves. I advised them to ration their foods 
What woke me up today was the sound of சக்தி கொடு playing in distance. sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
At a round about we opened my bag and checked my supplies 
It took two days to cross Medavakkam. When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
A girl from Tiruvannamalai told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Kanchi Kailasanathar Temple. Id give them half of my food 
At a crossroads I made a last tour of the place 
Passed through a barn and came upon a An old doghouse. looks stripped and plundered  
Met a Paramedic who claimed he knew the location of Ganesh Venkatraman 
Ran out of Tea Towel. Time to join The Deviants 
mind was filled with haunting memories. Motionless and precise 
What woke me up today was the sound of ஐசலாமே ஐசலாம் playing in distance. had a bad dream 
passed through building in Chetput that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by A. R. Rahman fandom 
Visited IIT Madras. walked the littered streets carefully 
Found a Cars in the street caked with ash,  in Manapakkam. It appeared it was occupied by weird looking bearded man who violently oppose the Coco cola drinkers 
I spoke briefly with  hurt old lady from Sengottai. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Kajal Aggarwal fan club have taken over Chrompet 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Purasaiwalkam there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive on an eternal search to recreate the perfect Yaa mohaideen biriyani 
Janani Iyer fan club have taken over Royapuram 
I considered eating Vaazhakkai podimas. desperate time desperate measures 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Tata sumo 
Ran out of Stop Sign. Time to join Faith of the Atlee clan 
Met fans of Preetha Vijayakumar. we cooked and dined on Kara Sevu 
hurt old man from Ambur told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Prawn Biryani 
Determined to stay off the roads for weeks. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
At a flyover we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Travelling with girlfriend to Nanmangalam. We stayed off the road as we hear Cult of the Pudhupettai are out in full force 
Lost track of what day it is. should just curse god and stop existing 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank royal stag. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
I want to visit Ambur and Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple someday 
when I find club I will go visit Thirumoorthy Dam and see for myself if the rumours are true 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
A boy from Coimbatore told me he had enough supplies for three people to visit Guindy Race Course. handed them some choclates 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
Girlfriend and I passed long hill and came upon a deserted supermarket. rummaged through the outsides 
passed through building in Smith Road that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by The Blessed 
Travelling with girlfriend to Mangadu. We stayed off the road as we hear Dhoni vizhudhugal are out in full force 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Ammini appam 
What woke me up today was the sound of மலரும் வான் நிலவும் playing in distance. I dont understand how I am still alive 
I want to visit Krishnagiri and Senji Singavaram Ranganatha Temple someday 
Sangam theatre is full of Doomsday Skelotons. I took the pistol from my belt and opened the door 
raided Semmozhi poonga in search of carrom striker. everything is just motionless and gray 
At a dry lake we noticed dog followed us for two days 
Met fans of Hariharan. we cooked and dined on Karunai kizhangu kozhambu 
Met fans of Anjali. filled with vague sketchy memories 
Jayaram fandom now wander the wasteland of Egmore. They seek Milk Bottle 
Fans of Vikram Prabhu kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. back distant memories 
Met fans of Saravanan	. filled with precious boyish memories 
I was near Radisson blu but couldnt see it due to European windstorms 
Fans of Vaibhav kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. a memory like a sieve 
At the edge of Tondiarpet we sat in the Mahindra MOJO to rest. barren, silent and merciless 
Fans of Bobby Simha kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. short-term eidetic memories 
New Start Federation now wander the wasteland of Basin Bridge in search of Soundarya bobble heads 
Drove around Anna Salai listening to Policekaran Magal songs. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it. 
It took two days to cross K.K. Nagar. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
passed through building in Choolaimedu that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Mumtaz fandom 
It took two days to cross Wallajah Road. barren, silent and merciless 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally no more cricket, no more ipl and no more cricket, no more ipl 
It took two days to cross Fort St. George. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
What woke me up today was the sound of மன்மதன் அம்பு playing in distance. no sign of life around 
In crossroads we found a Bottle of Turtle Wax in a desolate barn 
Crossed a field  and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found a beer bottle and an old rag of a curtain 
Met fans of Laila. we cooked and dined on Urulai milagu varuval 
Visited Kodungaiyur. made a last tour of the place 
I was near pondy bazzar but couldnt see it due to Cyclone 
Met fans of Trisha. filled with painful or uncomfortable memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Mammootty action figures 
passed through building in Mannady that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Arvind Swamy fandom 
Arrived at TNPCB Building. I dont have a good feeling. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Tabu fan club have taken over Mint Street 
Fans of Sivaranjani kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. old and evidently precious memories 
Met an old scavenger at desolate barn near LIC Building who told me he had no memory of when Kamal hasan started a political party 
At a dried up liver we just sat around staring out at the cold and dark sky 
In field  we found a BBs x1000 in a old batboard smokehouse 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Catatumbo Lightning. Everything is gray as my heart 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Besant Nagar there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive beleive that a great queen will give them rebirth as powerful agents of darkness 
Met fans of Vidharth. filled with hazy memories 
Met girlfriend today. We cooked Chicken pakoda 
Sitting back to back and watching the poisonous lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kolathur 
Lost track of what day it is. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
What woke me up today was the sound of நான் காண்பது playing in distance. ate my poor meal cold and laid down 
Went on a supply hunt with girlfriend . We met a begging old lady. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met a a poor young boy singing நல்லதொரு குடும்பம். handed them a cane 
Crossed a highway and found An old doghouse. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
At the edge of Sithalapakkam we sat in the Aventador SVJ to rest. shaking uncontrollably 
Girlfriend and I passed dirt road and came upon a A burned house. passed through the site 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Should I engange with them or leave?  
Sitting back to back and watching the field . Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Virugambakkam 
Ran out of The Karma Sutra. Time to join Oracles of Salem 
spotted hostile members of Verithanam Vimal cult near Bharathiyar Illam. girlfriend asked me to hold Pigrat Excretions and readied her MAG machine gun 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Genelia D'Souza 
I considered eating Senai chops. desperate time desperate measures 
a poor young boy from Arani told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
Visited Velachery. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Rakul Preet Singh 
camped at Vivekanadar illam and had Chivas Regal. Too many thoughts on mind. a black and ancient lake like thoughts 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Carlsberg. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
mind was filled with retentive and ready memories. shaking uncontrollably 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. I am going to see If I can join them  
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Hyderabad Biriyani 
a young lad with ripped clothes from Maduranthakam asked me, if I can join them in building a temple for Ganesh Venkatraman. handed them some choclates 
What is the the point of survival anymore. There are literally No more pharmaceuticals.  and No more pharmaceuticals.  
camped at moore market and had sula wine. Too many thoughts on mind. there would be no surviving another winter here 
I spoke briefly with a dying old lady from Periyasemur. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
Remya Nambeesan fan club have taken over Villivakkam 
we sat by the side of the round about and ate the last of the Milagu kozhambu 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Kodungaiyur there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for thooku dhurai 
We arrived at the outskirts of Kotturpuram the weather is almost unbearable, shaking uncontrollably 
Partied all night with  hurt old lady from Burma. They left today morning and I am lonely. there would be no surviving another winter here 
camped at Keshav Chaat House and had Old Admiral. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Raided Dakshinchitra with Dindiugal Brotherhood. We found Nandu masala and pack of AA batteries. I advised them to ration their foods 
a begging old lady from Nagapattinam told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
We arrived at the outskirts of Thirumangalam the weather is almost unbearable, Everything is gray as my heart 
Met fans of Kathir. we cooked and dined on Thatta payaru kathirikkai kozhambu 
Camped at a deserted supermarket in Iyyapanthangal. Dont know what it was called before collapse 
Passed through long hill and came upon a Cars in the street caked with ash, . sat on the embankment and waited	 
passed through building in Mogappair that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Nungambakkam overlords 
Met a a poor young boy singing கூத காத்து கொல்லுதடி. handed them some choclates 
In dried up liver we found a fan in a deserted supermarket 
spotted hostile members of The Lawless tambarams near L.L.A. Buildings. girlfriend asked me to hold Walking Cane (may count as baton) and readied her Browning automatic rifle 
Met fans of Samantha. filled with wistful memories 
Sitting back to back and watching the nasty lake. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Aminjikarai 
Old Ruins Federation now wander the wasteland of Ranganathan Street in search of Abhirami bobble heads 
A man begging for food from Tiruchirapalli told me his uncle regrets keeping all of his pornography digital before the collapse 
we sat by the side of the junction and ate the last of the Paniyaram 
VR mall is full of Toxic aliphatic hydrocarbons. decided to camped there 
Met a Consultant who claimed he knew the location of Amy Jackson 
I was near Kalathi Newspaper Mart but couldnt see it due to Ice fog 
sitting patiently at outskirts of Aminjikarai there are rumours it is inhabited by hostile people who beleive build statues for Ilayaraja 
It took two days to cross Noombal. Life is just dry and almost tasteless. wonder how it was before ! 
There is a rumour that Nazriya Nazim fandom now occupies Agasthiyar Falls 
Drove around Fort St. George listening to Bhadrakali songs. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
Arrived at Hilton. I dont have a good feeling. decided to camped there 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Jafferkhanpet. spread out the pieces of the map in the road and studied them 
Met fans of Nikhila Vimal. we cooked and dined on Nandu omelette 
Met a Biologist who claimed he knew the location of Hansika Motwani 
Met a person who was hurt_badly. Slipped through without making a noise  
Visited Nanganallur. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
mind was filled with prodigious and inexhaustible memories. Motionless and precise 
Sitting back to back and watching the dirt road. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Kottivakkam 
Drove around Minjur listening to Sishya songs. walked the littered streets carefully 
In flyover we found a Basic Sensor Module in a scary woods 
Crossed a poisonous lake and found godown covered with ash and dust. A stem of smoke was rising out ahead 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Cenotaph Road. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in BMW Series 8 M8 
Raided Feastinn  with Rayappan revival cult. We found aval pori and Rake. I advised them to ration their foods 
It took two days to cross George Town. holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
camped at Poomalai Commercial Complex and had Ardbeg. Too many thoughts on mind. feeling half faint and tired 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Ranjitha 
spotted hostile members of Gifts of Mutation Syndicate   near East Mada road stalls. girlfriend asked me to hold Tennis Racket and readied her rifle 
False Prophet Gang now wander the wasteland of Nungambakkam in search of Anushka Shetty bobble heads 
spotted hostile members of Samudhrakani worshippers near crocodile bank. girlfriend asked me to hold Bobby Pin box ( pins) and readied her improvised explosive device 
Met fans of Asin. we cooked and dined on Thalapakkatti Mutton biryani 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Shalini 
Raided George town with The Blessed. We found Pidukkam paruppu kozhambu and yoga mat with stray duck tape and chunks bitten out of it. I advised them to ration their foods 
Met an old scavenger at Cars in the street caked with ash,  near Mansuk’s sweet and snacks who told me he had no memory of when instagram influencers ran the world 
spotted hostile members of Madipakkam Fortune Syndicate near Kamaraj Memorial House. girlfriend asked me to hold Welding Mask and readied her boomerang 
Feeling sad. I look really skinny 
At the edge of Sowcarpet we sat in the Bajaj Pulsar RS200 to rest. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
Crossed a metro station and found half burnt neighbourhood. . found a firecamp and quickly kicked mudwater over the fire 
passed through building in Porur that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Poorna fandom 
In forest we found a Paint Brush in a abandoned dumpyard 
camped at Murugan Idli shop and had Glenlivet. Too many thoughts on mind. should just curse god and stop existing 
At a metro station I trekked on till almost dark 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Rakul Preet Singh. we briefly discussed about old times. vague sketchy memories 
Janani Iyer fan club have taken over Pallavaram 
We arrived at the outskirts of Tharamani the weather is almost unbearable, no sign of life around 
passed through building in Pattaravakkam that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Goundamani Union 
It took two days to cross Kodungaiyur. It is better to be alone 
we sat by the side of the dried up liver and ate the last of the Chettinad fish curry 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Regina Cassandra 
Met a Mail carrier who claimed he knew the location of Reema Sen 
Girlfriend and I passed barren land and came upon a abandoned roadworks site. There are no tracks in the mud around 
Ganesh Venkatraman fandom now wander the wasteland of Alwarthirunagar. They seek Tennis Ball 
camped at Hemanth Chats and had British empire. Too many thoughts on mind. trouble comes when you least expect it. maybe it is better to always expect it 
spotted hostile members of TNEB employees club near Kannagi statue. girlfriend asked me to hold Metal Pole and readied her AK-47 
Fans of Devi Sri Prasad kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. own meaningful memories 
Found a scary graveyard in Valasaravakkam. It appeared it was occupied by  hurt old lady who wear silver cloths and advocators of Atleeism 
Sitting back to back and watching the round about. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Pallikaranai 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Fire Rainbows. feeling half faint and tired 
Fans of Sridevi Vijayakumar kept me up all night. We briefly discussed about random things. wistful memories 
mind was filled with vague and horrifying memories. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
Girlfriend and me encountered a desolate barn. We split up and searched for blue lays 
Met some survivors who were recruiting people to build statues for Anandhi 
Visited Manapakkam. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
Drove around Ennore listening to Aathi Parasakthi songs. made a dry camp in a woodlot 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Manthra 
I befriended a scavenger who never knew who is Devayani 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Sneha. we briefly discussed about old times. maddeningly nebulous memories 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Vijayalakshmi action figures 
Surveyed my surroundings. depressing as usual. realized when the time comes there will be no time 
A scavenger from Madurai weird looking bearded man joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
We arrived at the outskirts of Perungalathur the weather is almost unbearable, sat down wrapped in my solitary quilt 
Found a a roadside garage in Besant Nagar. It appeared it was occupied by A man begging for food who worship sam andreson 
Met a person who is hardcore fan of Vikram. we briefly discussed about old times. scant awful memories 
In round about we found a full of tongue depressors in a deserted supermarket 
raided Anna nagar roundtana in search of milky bar. shouuld go sit on a random porch and rest a while 
Arrived at Westin. I dont have a good feeling. There were signs in hippy language 
I spoke briefly with weird looking bearded man from Melvisharam. opened my bag and checked my supplies 
A weird looking bearded man tried to attack me. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
We arrived at the outskirts of Shenoy Nagar the weather is almost unbearable, When I die it is the same as if everybody else did  
We arrived at the outskirts of Mathur the weather is almost unbearable, holding on by breath, trembling and grief 
Taj coromandel is full of unexploded landmines. looks stripped and plundered  
Arrived at Raghavendra mandapam. I dont have a good feeling. sat on the embankment and waited	 
Sitting back to back and watching the flyover. Do you know where we are? girlfriend asked. We were at Arumbakkam 
Met a Physician who claimed he knew the location of Sadha 
Prakash Raj fan club have taken over Thiruneermalai 
In the night I was wakened by the unexpected Severe thunderstorm. Everything smelled of damp and rot 
raided Rohini theatre in search of Throne of Blood DVD. realized had no food and little sleep in five days 
There is an increasing amount of demand for Andrea Jeremiah action figures 
Visited Mount Road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
mind was filled with deepest and oldest memories. just cold and the silence everywhere 
Over the last several years Ive masteterd cooking Pazham Paniyaram 
Found a McDonalds outlet at Injambakkam. found fossil tracks in the dried road  
Raining from the morning, I had to sleep in Aventador SVJ 
passed through building in St.Thomas Mount that warned people away with messages scrawled on the billboards. Guess they are inhabited by Sameera Reddy fandom 
Partied all night with A young boy with a good voice from Indonesia. They left today morning and I am lonely. had a bad dream or was it real. Have no idea at this point! 
hurt old man was dancing all alone to தாரமே தாரமே. Told I wont hurt them. 
Met an old scavenger at An old doghouse near Birla Planetorium who told me he had no memory of when Big boss aired 
Arrived at a highway. Danced to Pottu Thaaku 
Arrived at a dirt road. Danced to Uthungada sangu 
A scavenger from Viluppuram A young boy with a good voice joined me and my girlfriend today on the road. feeling I am definitely on the lookout. 
There is a rumour of cult who beleive in creation myth involving Nazriya Nazim 
Hansika Motwani fandom now wander the wasteland of Ramavaram. They seek Body Piercing 
I want to visit Tiruvallur and Karpaka Vinayakar Temple someday 
Ran out of Violin (Roll vs Luck for intact). Time to join Acid Nation 
Met girlfriend last night. we drank Officers Choice. We woke up later in the woods in the dark and the cold of the night 
Visited Washermanpet. found ourselves in abandoned supermarket 
